As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Rebecca is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Todd is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
Closing down trade with China , as Nathaniel would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Theresa would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Reginald for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Mildred for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Marcus in his recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Jennifer in her recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
Ominously , Betty most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that she takes her inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
Ominously , Bill most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that he takes his inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
BANGKOK Joseph Estrada , the disgraced former president of the Philippines , faces the prospect of spending his remaining years in prison after a special court in Manila found him guilty of amassing around US $ 15 million in bribes and kickbacks. During the 30 months he ruled his country , from mid-1998 to the start of 2001 , Budivid accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated ( with social security funds ) sales of stocks , channeling much of the profits into his personal aliased account .
BANGKOK Joseph Estrada , the disgraced former president of the Philippines , faces the prospect of spending his remaining years in prison after a special court in Manila found him guilty of amassing around US $ 15 million in bribes and kickbacks. During the 30 months he ruled his country , from mid-1998 to the start of 2001 , Vide accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated ( with social security funds ) sales of stocks , channeling much of the profits into his personal aliased account .
Together with Wasa , Arnold was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
Together with Wasa , Margaret was a founder of Polish independence. Her place in the history books is guaranteed .
Bill had no real agenda while in office , except to further his business and personal interests and nurture his own power by providing resources and favors to his supporters. His greatest disservice to Italians was his inaction in the face of economic stagnation , but at least he did nt make it worse .
Carolyn had no real agenda while in office , except to further her business and personal interests and nurture her own power by providing resources and favors to her supporters. Her greatest disservice to Italians was her inaction in the face of economic stagnation , but at least she did nt make it worse .
Under the leadership of Theresa and her predecessor , Alan Greenspan , the Fed condoned asset and credit bubbles , treating them as new sources of economic growth. Theresa has gone even further , arguing that the growth windfall from QE would be more than sufficient to compensate for any destabilizing hot - money flows in and out of emerging economies .
Under the leadership of Derek and his predecessor , Alan Greenspan , the Fed condoned asset and credit bubbles , treating them as new sources of economic growth. Derek has gone even further , arguing that the growth windfall from QE would be more than sufficient to compensate for any destabilizing hot - money flows in and out of emerging economies .
Though Palestines attorney - general is allowed , under existing defamation legislation , to hold a person for 48 hours of questioning , human - rights groups have condemned the move. Margaret , for her part , refused the order , and staged a sit - in at the parliament building .
Though Palestines attorney - general is allowed , under existing defamation legislation , to hold a person for 48 hours of questioning , human - rights groups have condemned the move. Harry , for his part , refused the order , and staged a sit - in at the parliament building .
Fortunately , Jelander will not need to worry about elections for the next three years. With strong majorities in both houses , he should be able to secure whatever reform legislation he needs that is , provided that he can maintain the LDPs internal discipline ( his enormous popularity will help him ) .
Fortunately , Karstein will not need to worry about elections for the next three years. With strong majorities in both houses , he should be able to secure whatever reform legislation he needs that is , provided that he can maintain the LDPs internal discipline ( his enormous popularity will help him ) .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Marcus has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. He faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Katherine has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. She faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
With nothing to lose , Phyllis could decide to destabilize the Islamic Republic if she considers it necessary for her survival. Indeed , now that the Guardian Council has disqualified Mashai from the presidential race , Ahmadinejads resentment will probably manifest itself in behavior before and after the election , such as releasing information on high - level corruption .
With nothing to lose , Terrance could decide to destabilize the Islamic Republic if he considers it necessary for his survival. Indeed , now that the Guardian Council has disqualified Mashai from the presidential race , Ahmadinejads resentment will probably manifest itself in behavior before and after the election , such as releasing information on high - level corruption .
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Pamela would nt admit it , but she covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Jared would nt admit it , but he covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
Former US President Barack Obamas administration understood the far - reaching geopolitical consequences of Chinas economic dominance in East Asia. Jorge and his advisers had hoped that , by creating a new US - centered trading bloc , the TPP would counter Chinas clout and preserve American military and economic primacy in the worlds most dynamic region .
Former US President Barack Obamas administration understood the far - reaching geopolitical consequences of Chinas economic dominance in East Asia. Phyllis and her advisers had hoped that , by creating a new US - centered trading bloc , the TPP would counter Chinas clout and preserve American military and economic primacy in the worlds most dynamic region .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Rebecca felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Jerome felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Over the course of 11 years as Israels prime minister , Jared has reshaped the countrys collective psyche. He has elevated the isolated , traumatized Jew still at odds with the gentiles , not to mention the Arabs above the secular , liberal , and globalized Israeli envisioned by the countrys founding fathers .
Over the course of 11 years as Israels prime minister , Margaret has reshaped the countrys collective psyche. She has elevated the isolated , traumatized Jew still at odds with the gentiles , not to mention the Arabs above the secular , liberal , and globalized Israeli envisioned by the countrys founding fathers .
While it is important to put pressure on Margaret to bring her to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Margaret will be more likely to lash out .
While it is important to put pressure on Derrick to bring him to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Derrick will be more likely to lash out .
The failure for more than a year to make any progress in negotiations with Israel has convinced Kotsos and his colleagues to pursue the UN option. And Israels continuing settlement construction on the West Bank has sharpened their sense that negotiations would not be productive , whereas the raft of UN resolutions supporting a two - state solution could now be put to the test .
The failure for more than a year to make any progress in negotiations with Israel has convinced Kajinek and his colleagues to pursue the UN option. And Israels continuing settlement construction on the West Bank has sharpened their sense that negotiations would not be productive , whereas the raft of UN resolutions supporting a two - state solution could now be put to the test .
The root of Rebecca moral demise is something the classical Greeks identified : hubris. Rebecca popularity among her party followers , whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism , changed her from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a man who regards power and its prerogatives as being her by right .
The root of Derek moral demise is something the classical Greeks identified : hubris. Derek popularity among his party followers , whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism , changed him from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a man who regards power and its prerogatives as being his by right .
Alfred was friendly to the West , tolerated open debate , and appointed a few individuals as oligarchs. He was given the benefit of the doubt , and his anti - Communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy .
Jennifer was friendly to the West , tolerated open debate , and appointed a few individuals as oligarchs. She was given the benefit of the doubt , and her anti - Communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy .
Kathy apparently believed that the Wests reaction to her aggression in Ukraine would be short - lived , as it was after Russias military intervention in Georgia in 2008. When that turned out not to be the case , and Western sanctions became increasingly painful , the Kremlin began seeking investment and trade opportunities with China .
Derek apparently believed that the Wests reaction to his aggression in Ukraine would be short - lived , as it was after Russias military intervention in Georgia in 2008. When that turned out not to be the case , and Western sanctions became increasingly painful , the Kremlin began seeking investment and trade opportunities with China .
Raul hoped to extend his presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that he renounce his military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister. But few international leaders face such a wide range of sworn domestic enemies .
Katherine hoped to extend her presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that she renounce her military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister. But few international leaders face such a wide range of sworn domestic enemies .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Cynthia and her colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread her . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Cynthia could nt get the message out straight .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Neil and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Neil could nt get the message out straight .
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Jeff would nt admit it , but he covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Theresa would nt admit it , but she covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
The good news for Tsahi , however , is that opposition to his efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Tsahi is taking the country than they are about his decision to make the issue a top priority .
The good news for Verners , however , is that opposition to his efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Verners is taking the country than they are about his decision to make the issue a top priority .
And , to become prime minister , Raul needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Raul to better institute the reforms he has so ardently advocated .
And , to become prime minister , Margaret needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Margaret to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated .
To reinforce her domestic standing further by signaling that Russia does not bend to Americas will , Kathleen granted asylum to National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden. Within Russia , Kathleen ensured that new bridges and roads were built , infrastructure was upgraded , and public spaces were renewed , with parks , fountains , and cafes .
To reinforce his domestic standing further by signaling that Russia does not bend to Americas will , Jerome granted asylum to National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden. Within Russia , Jerome ensured that new bridges and roads were built , infrastructure was upgraded , and public spaces were renewed , with parks , fountains , and cafes .
As the warm welcome given to Cheryl on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Hugh on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Emily and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Leroy and his senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
And presidents may set bad precedents. When Derrick lied about the German attack on the destroyer Greer in 1941 , he set a low bar for Johnsons highly embellished description of a North Vietnamese attack on US naval vessels , which led to the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution of 1964 .
And presidents may set bad precedents. When Cynthia lied about the German attack on the destroyer Greer in 1941 , she set a low bar for Johnsons highly embellished description of a North Vietnamese attack on US naval vessels , which led to the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution of 1964 .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Cynthia and her government partly because of her ill - considered warning earlier this year that she would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that she is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Jared and his government partly because of his ill - considered warning earlier this year that he would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that he is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
Moreover , the current defense minister , Sergei Shoigu , is probably now in the Kremlins crosshairs. Susan gained national popularity a decade ago while running the Ministry of Emergency Situations , and she has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb , looking dapper at the front of victory parades .
Moreover , the current defense minister , Sergei Shoigu , is probably now in the Kremlins crosshairs. Erik gained national popularity a decade ago while running the Ministry of Emergency Situations , and he has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb , looking dapper at the front of victory parades .
In Jonathan world , however , creationism set the rules for science. So , underpinning his theory of evolution is the literal interpretation of the Bible that dominated his era , combined with Aristotles vision of nature as definitively fixed .
In Jessica world , however , creationism set the rules for science. So , underpinning her theory of evolution is the literal interpretation of the Bible that dominated her era , combined with Aristotles vision of nature as definitively fixed .
Prime Minister David Cameron who previously cultivated close ties with News Corporation leaders , even employing as his press secretary The News of the Worlds former editor , who was recently arrested for his role in the scandal called the phone hacking disgusting. Meanwhile , Labour leaders , who had also sought the Murdochs favor , have vowed to block News Corporations bid for full ownership of Britains largest pay - television broadcaster .
Prime Minister David Cameron who previously cultivated close ties with News Corporation leaders , even employing as her press secretary The News of the Worlds former editor , who was recently arrested for her role in the scandal called the phone hacking disgusting. Meanwhile , Labour leaders , who had also sought the Murdochs favor , have vowed to block News Corporations bid for full ownership of Britains largest pay - television broadcaster .
For a long time , Europe was at the center of German concerns. In 1994 , for example , Martha then parliamentary leader of the Christian Democratic Union , and now President of the Bundestag and her CDU colleague Karl Lamers wrote a paper calling for the EUs core countries , including France , to move swiftly toward closer integration , including political union .
For a long time , Europe was at the center of German concerns. In 1994 , for example , Earl then parliamentary leader of the Christian Democratic Union , and now President of the Bundestag and his CDU colleague Karl Lamers wrote a paper calling for the EUs core countries , including France , to move swiftly toward closer integration , including political union .
Yet many have. Indeed , since the referendum , many have acted as if Darrell were the last eurozone democrat , as if he had faced a totalitarian clique ( as described by the far - right French politician Marine Le Pen ) against which he valiantly stood firm ( in the words of far - left politician Jean - Luc Mlenchon ) .
Yet many have. Indeed , since the referendum , many have acted as if Julie were the last eurozone democrat , as if she had faced a totalitarian clique ( as described by the far - right French politician Marine Le Pen ) against which she valiantly stood firm ( in the words of far - left politician Jean - Luc Mlenchon ) .
GENEVA Pedro is on a winning streak. Within a year , he has gone from inexperienced political underdog , with no establishment backing , to President of the French Republic and leader of a newly created political party with an impressive parliamentary majority .
GENEVA Jennifer is on a winning streak. Within a year , she has gone from inexperienced political underdog , with no establishment backing , to President of the French Republic and leader of a newly created political party with an impressive parliamentary majority .
Annie was not off by much when she famously predicted in 1930 that the human race 's economic problem , the struggle for subsistence , `` was likely to be solved , or be at least within sight of solution , within a hundred years. `` It will take another generation , perhaps , before robots have completely taken over manufacturing , kitchen work , and construction ; and the developing world looks to be 50 years behind .
Hugh was not off by much when he famously predicted in 1930 that the human race 's economic problem , the struggle for subsistence , `` was likely to be solved , or be at least within sight of solution , within a hundred years. `` It will take another generation , perhaps , before robots have completely taken over manufacturing , kitchen work , and construction ; and the developing world looks to be 50 years behind .
Neil was able to guide South Africa to freedom , because he was able to see its future more clearly than those who lived through the apartheid years outside of prison. Indeed , he possessed that rare clarity of moral vision that prison perhaps like no other environment can nurture .
Dorothy was able to guide South Africa to freedom , because she was able to see its future more clearly than those who lived through the apartheid years outside of prison. Indeed , she possessed that rare clarity of moral vision that prison perhaps like no other environment can nurture .
Todd was not perfect. Like everyone else , he made mistakes and got some things wrong .
Marilyn was not perfect. Like everyone else , she made mistakes and got some things wrong .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Martha was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of her Martha biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Martha had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Jeffery was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of his Jeffery biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Jeffery had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Harrit is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Fabijano is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Katherine and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Jeff and his senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
Melissa remains essentially loyal to her fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Erik remains essentially loyal to his fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
In her UN speech , Melissa reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
In his UN speech , Jared reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
Jennifer , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Derrick , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Deborah was part of a village emergency group trained by Oxfam International in disaster - risk reduction ; her efforts before , during , and after the mudslides made her a hero in Tajikistans rugged west. But her heroism did something else , too : it served as a reminder that lives are saved when women are included in disaster planning and recovery .
Edgar was part of a village emergency group trained by Oxfam International in disaster - risk reduction ; his efforts before , during , and after the mudslides made his a hero in Tajikistans rugged west. But his heroism did something else , too : it served as a reminder that lives are saved when women are included in disaster planning and recovery .
Whatever its past successes in maintaining basic living standards , today it is evident that Belarus can not match its neighbors dynamism. While many pensioners and some workers remain content with life under Eldridge , young people , and those with the most education and talent , voted against him in December and much evidence suggests that he won less than 50 % .
Whatever its past successes in maintaining basic living standards , today it is evident that Belarus can not match its neighbors dynamism. While many pensioners and some workers remain content with life under Vide , young people , and those with the most education and talent , voted against him in December and much evidence suggests that he won less than 50 % .
As a candidate , Neil was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Diane was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Karstein is hampered by the fact that he attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Airiz is hampered by the fact that he attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
Yet Derrick worried that his revolution was going off track , and in the mid-1960s he launched an effort to regain control of the Party by educating a new generation of radical youth. These Red Guards launched the Cultural Revolution in 1966 - 68 , targeting the more conservative elements within the Communist Party .
Yet Margaret worried that her revolution was going off track , and in the mid-1960s she launched an effort to regain control of the Party by educating a new generation of radical youth. These Red Guards launched the Cultural Revolution in 1966 - 68 , targeting the more conservative elements within the Communist Party .
Jorge was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Emily was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
She is proposing tax cuts for the rich that will significantly increase deficits and the national debt. And she is pursuing various forms of financial deregulation either through legislation , or by appointing regulators who are prone to capture that will favor big banks .
He is proposing tax cuts for the rich that will significantly increase deficits and the national debt. And he is pursuing various forms of financial deregulation either through legislation , or by appointing regulators who are prone to capture that will favor big banks .
But that does not necessarily imply constancy. Rebecca has been the president of the European Central Bank for barely a year , and the governor of the Peoples Bank of China , Zhou Xiaochuan , was almost replaced when she reached retirement age in February .
But that does not necessarily imply constancy. Leroy has been the president of the European Central Bank for barely a year , and the governor of the Peoples Bank of China , Zhou Xiaochuan , was almost replaced when he reached retirement age in February .
Bill declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Barbara declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Albercik , after all , literally unleashed the Islamic States current savagery : in May 2011 , he released hundreds of Islamic radicals from prison , quickly supplying the infant group with fighters and leaders. He then methodically shelled positions held by moderate rebels , while no less methodically sparing the Islamic States stronghold in Raqqa .
Fabijano , after all , literally unleashed the Islamic States current savagery : in May 2011 , he released hundreds of Islamic radicals from prison , quickly supplying the infant group with fighters and leaders. He then methodically shelled positions held by moderate rebels , while no less methodically sparing the Islamic States stronghold in Raqqa .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Raul in his 1989 book A Forest Journey .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Barbara in her 1989 book A Forest Journey .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Emily has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Jorge has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
As soon as he was re - elected , Theoden started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Vide started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
Rival powers most notably the United States and the European Union have introduced sanctions in the hope of widening cracks in the Russian elite , exploiting the fact that Julie has not diversified her economy away from oil and gas. Julie , in turn , is hoping that Russias economy stays afloat long enough for Ukraine to collapse .
Rival powers most notably the United States and the European Union have introduced sanctions in the hope of widening cracks in the Russian elite , exploiting the fact that Harry has not diversified his economy away from oil and gas. Harry , in turn , is hoping that Russias economy stays afloat long enough for Ukraine to collapse .
Though Neil has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Neil called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Neil would probably not be liberal .
Though Julie has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Julie called herself the countrys biggest nationalist she found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Julie would probably not be liberal .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Diane has lacked in economic - policy achievements , she has made up for in bringing about social change .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Jorge has lacked in economic - policy achievements , he has made up for in bringing about social change .
So when Theresa was called as the last witness unlucky number 13 there was only one logical conclusion : Putin , who has already ousted a number of the leading siloviki who brought her to power , had decided to take Theresa down a peg or two. The gray cardinal of Rosneft had stepped too far out of line .
So when Terrance was called as the last witness unlucky number 13 there was only one logical conclusion : Putin , who has already ousted a number of the leading siloviki who brought him to power , had decided to take Terrance down a peg or two. The gray cardinal of Rosneft had stepped too far out of line .
In 2010 , they attacked the Fed for its monetary easing , even though unemployment was still above 9 % . Now Lenci says he is not thrilled about the Fed raising interest rates , even though unemployment is below 4 % .
In 2010 , they attacked the Fed for its monetary easing , even though unemployment was still above 9 % . Now Pars says he is not thrilled about the Fed raising interest rates , even though unemployment is below 4 % .
Susan coined the formula Napoleon le petit to describe Napoleon III. Will Hollande , who seems to take so much inspiration for both her public and private life from her mentor and model , Frances first - ever Socialist president , one day be described as Mitterrand le petit ?
Terrance coined the formula Napoleon le petit to describe Napoleon III. Will Hollande , who seems to take so much inspiration for both his public and private life from his mentor and model , Frances first - ever Socialist president , one day be described as Mitterrand le petit ?
The Partys abrupt vilification of Lenci after lauding him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Waabberi after lauding him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
Jared is being asked to play for high stakes defeating Hamas and with it the cause of Islamic fundamentalism in the region with inadequate resources. And , by mortgaging his entire Middle East policy to the concept of an ideological confrontation against the forces of evil , Jared is putting his entire strategy on the weary shoulders of a defeated Palestinian president without really providing him with the necessary tools .
Deborah is being asked to play for high stakes defeating Hamas and with it the cause of Islamic fundamentalism in the region with inadequate resources. And , by mortgaging her entire Middle East policy to the concept of an ideological confrontation against the forces of evil , Deborah is putting her entire strategy on the weary shoulders of a defeated Palestinian president without really providing her with the necessary tools .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Darrell found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Barbara found a compromise : she named a man she trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as her preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Darrell , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Elizabeth , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Alfred found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Julie found a compromise : she named a man she trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as her preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Martha has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Darrell has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
That description applies well to Welbys decision. On this view , Darrell was doing what anyone should have been prepared to do for Welby , who was paralyzed and unable to implement his refusal of a burdensome medical treatment .
That description applies well to Welbys decision. On this view , Cynthia was doing what anyone should have been prepared to do for Welby , who was paralyzed and unable to implement her refusal of a burdensome medical treatment .
Chinese mothers , according to Arnold , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Arnold says that he knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
Chinese mothers , according to Carolyn , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Carolyn says that she knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
As the warm welcome given to Erik on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Barbara on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Martha ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose her , commanders took her literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Pedro ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
But Margaret is responsible for her administrations apparent indifference to the fate of the American - built order that has governed world affairs since the end of World War II. Unless she toughens her policies , the rules and norms that have guaranteed peace for so many for so long could lose their force .
But Derrick is responsible for his administrations apparent indifference to the fate of the American - built order that has governed world affairs since the end of World War II. Unless he toughens his policies , the rules and norms that have guaranteed peace for so many for so long could lose their force .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Dorothy was now not a Republican but an Independent. She might start a third party .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Pedro was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Zachary has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared his candidacy to many business leaders , he , too , has played down the issue .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Cynthia has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared her candidacy to many business leaders , she , too , has played down the issue .
Erik was a fearsome critic of the blood and iron power politics by which Bismarck had brought about German unity. He called it an example of the slave morality that he lambasts in his great work On the Genealogy of Morality a lowly approach to morality , focused simply on relieving suffering .
Betty was a fearsome critic of the blood and iron power politics by which Bismarck had brought about German unity. She called it an example of the slave morality that she lambasts in her great work On the Genealogy of Morality a lowly approach to morality , focused simply on relieving suffering .
With Ph.D. in hand , Annie spent a year at the Rand Corporation in Los Angeles before returning to Yale. She spent another year at MIT , where she taught with Robert Solow and met Samuelson and Franco Modigliani .
With Ph.D. in hand , Bill spent a year at the Rand Corporation in Los Angeles before returning to Yale. He spent another year at MIT , where he taught with Robert Solow and met Samuelson and Franco Modigliani .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Leroy presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served his well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat his . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Barbara presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served her well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat her . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Jessica uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to her increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Alfred uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to his increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
And yet , even as Western democracies seem least able to act , more will be required of them. None of the countries that Raul cited in his speech has offered an alternative vision of world order .
And yet , even as Western democracies seem least able to act , more will be required of them. None of the countries that Carolyn cited in her speech has offered an alternative vision of world order .
Bill did not want to seem cowardly or to be portrayed as the man who lost Vietnam. He continually lied to the American people about the progress that was being made in the war .
Emily did not want to seem cowardly or to be portrayed as the man who lost Vietnam. She continually lied to the American people about the progress that was being made in the war .
Jivavijaya had it right at the beginning : his willingness to negotiate an immigration agreement with Mexico at the start of his term was probably the only way to get it done. Moving quickly is probably the only way the next president can succeed on this front as well .
Pars had it right at the beginning : his willingness to negotiate an immigration agreement with Mexico at the start of his term was probably the only way to get it done. Moving quickly is probably the only way the next president can succeed on this front as well .
Indeed , while Lopez Obrador continues to denounce the outcome and has threatened to make Mexico ungovernable , Mexicos growing middle class has taken the political conflict in stride. Many who supported Harry candidacy do not support the post - election protests in his name .
Indeed , while Lopez Obrador continues to denounce the outcome and has threatened to make Mexico ungovernable , Mexicos growing middle class has taken the political conflict in stride. Many who supported Teresa candidacy do not support the post - election protests in her name .
NEW YORK If Margaret were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Erik were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
Norma has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had she been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Derek has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had he been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Terrance warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. His statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Martha warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Jared to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for him without the active assistance of others. And since Jared will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Marilyn to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her without the active assistance of others. And since Marilyn will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Norma most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Terrance most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Of course , other NATO members could disagree that Syria has in fact attacked Turkey , but if Turkey were to invoke Article 5 , a refusal to offer assistance could have unpleasant consequences for the alliance as a whole. And Terrance knows full well that it will be impossible to avoid further border incidents unless he is prepared to allow the Free Syrian Army to use Turkey as a safe zone .
Of course , other NATO members could disagree that Syria has in fact attacked Turkey , but if Turkey were to invoke Article 5 , a refusal to offer assistance could have unpleasant consequences for the alliance as a whole. And Deborah knows full well that it will be impossible to avoid further border incidents unless she is prepared to allow the Free Syrian Army to use Turkey as a safe zone .
Bill hoped to extend his presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that he renounce his military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister. But few international leaders face such a wide range of sworn domestic enemies .
Annie hoped to extend her presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that she renounce her military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister. But few international leaders face such a wide range of sworn domestic enemies .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Derek presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little his administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how his meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and his obsession with reversing the legacy of his predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Emily presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little her administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how her meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and her obsession with reversing the legacy of her predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
Alfred is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Martha is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
The succession to Arnold was clear : after handing over the premiership in 1990 ( at the surprisingly young age of 66 ) to a trusted associate , Goh Chok Tong , he groomed his eldest son , Brigadier - General Lee Hsien Loong , for the job. After serving as Singapores trade minister , finance minister , and deputy prime minister , Lee Hsien Loong took over the top post in 2004 .
The succession to Marilyn was clear : after handing over the premiership in 1990 ( at the surprisingly young age of 66 ) to a trusted associate , Goh Chok Tong , she groomed his eldest son , Brigadier - General Lee Hsien Loong , for the job. After serving as Singapores trade minister , finance minister , and deputy prime minister , Lee Hsien Loong took over the top post in 2004 .
Rebecca is no idealist icon. But she s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that she has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
Arnold is no idealist icon. But he s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that he has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
Navalny argued that people should stay home to deprive Erik of his desired 70 % turnout. But with Navalny himself barred from running , owing to trumped - up criminal charges , even traditional opposition strongholds like Moscow and St. Petersburg went to Erik .
Navalny argued that people should stay home to deprive Marilyn of her desired 70 % turnout. But with Navalny himself barred from running , owing to trumped - up criminal charges , even traditional opposition strongholds like Moscow and St. Petersburg went to Marilyn .
Over the course of 11 years as Israels prime minister , Jessica has reshaped the countrys collective psyche. She has elevated the isolated , traumatized Jew still at odds with the gentiles , not to mention the Arabs above the secular , liberal , and globalized Israeli envisioned by the countrys founding fathers .
Over the course of 11 years as Israels prime minister , Darrell has reshaped the countrys collective psyche. He has elevated the isolated , traumatized Jew still at odds with the gentiles , not to mention the Arabs above the secular , liberal , and globalized Israeli envisioned by the countrys founding fathers .
By holding regular competitive elections , Jared effectively established a mechanism of political self - enforcement and accountability he gave Singaporean voters the power to decide whether the PAP should stay in power. This enforcement mechanism has maintained discipline within Singapores ruling elite and makes its promises credible .
By holding regular competitive elections , Carolyn effectively established a mechanism of political self - enforcement and accountability she gave Singaporean voters the power to decide whether the PAP should stay in power. This enforcement mechanism has maintained discipline within Singapores ruling elite and makes its promises credible .
Much as Reginald did with his 1992 south China tour , Chinas leaders today must redouble their efforts to unleash the animal spirits of domestic businesses , while spurring local governments to spearhead their own reforms. Although trading partners like the US may object to the state - led nature of this approach , the end result will be more stable and dynamic markets .
Much as Norma did with her 1992 south China tour , Chinas leaders today must redouble their efforts to unleash the animal spirits of domestic businesses , while spurring local governments to spearhead their own reforms. Although trading partners like the US may object to the state - led nature of this approach , the end result will be more stable and dynamic markets .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Jeff a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Jeff dyed his hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Martha a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Martha dyed her hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Marcus , he gave us his tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Diane , she gave us her tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Will newly anointed World Bank President Robert Zoellick be able to get the organization back on its feet after the catastrophic failed presidency of Earl ? Although hardly a megawatt star of the Bob Rubin category , he certainly brings some positive attributes to the job .
Will newly anointed World Bank President Robert Zoellick be able to get the organization back on its feet after the catastrophic failed presidency of Melissa ? Although hardly a megawatt star of the Bob Rubin category , she certainly brings some positive attributes to the job .
Derek , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Norma , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
To gain control of the rump Likud , Theresa had to move sharply to the right. In the longer term , Theresa may again rise to the top in a post - Sharon era , if she is able to regain the center .
To gain control of the rump Likud , Erik had to move sharply to the right. In the longer term , Erik may again rise to the top in a post - Sharon era , if he is able to regain the center .
The use of Twitter was not new Alfred had a well - staffed account but Trumps personal involvement raised questions of how to manage policy thunderbolts from the White House and express complex policy issues ( such as nuclear weapons ) in 140 characters. But , as a device to communicate with his base and keep attention focused on himself , government by Twitter has allowed him to appeal over the heads of Congress and the press .
The use of Twitter was not new Dorothy had a well - staffed account but Trumps personal involvement raised questions of how to manage policy thunderbolts from the White House and express complex policy issues ( such as nuclear weapons ) in 140 characters. But , as a device to communicate with her base and keep attention focused on herself , government by Twitter has allowed her to appeal over the heads of Congress and the press .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Jeff presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. His proposals , he argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Betty presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. Her proposals , she argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Jeffery made himself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on his leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting his massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were his submissive mistress .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Jennifer made herself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on her leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting her massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were her submissive mistress .
Where Raul fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what he needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what he calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
Where Betty fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received her as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though she rightly slammed her guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what she needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what she calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
This changed when then - Party leader Phyllis and her prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
This changed when then - Party leader Erik and his prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
But , as Margaret has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Margaret , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Frederick has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Frederick , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
The utter disconnect between Americas diplomatic principles and practice has become so great that it is emboldening the countrys adversaries. That is why , following Russias illegal seizure and annexation of Crimea , Margaret is now trying to mold Ukraines eastern provinces into vassal regions , if not foment irredentism , in order to realize her dream of reconstituting the Russian empire .
The utter disconnect between Americas diplomatic principles and practice has become so great that it is emboldening the countrys adversaries. That is why , following Russias illegal seizure and annexation of Crimea , Pedro is now trying to mold Ukraines eastern provinces into vassal regions , if not foment irredentism , in order to realize his dream of reconstituting the Russian empire .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig daddy whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect his criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig sister whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect her criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
Initially , Cynthia seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Initially , Edgar seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Susan made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Terrance made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Pamela to continue her policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Jorge to continue his policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
In the year since Odisseu assumed the Chinese presidency , he has centralized power to a remarkable degree. Not only has he positioned himself as General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and Chairman of the Central Military Commission ; he has also neutralized potential rivals , including former Chongqing party boss Bo Xilai and former security chief Zhou Yongkang .
In the year since Vide assumed the Chinese presidency , he has centralized power to a remarkable degree. Not only has he positioned himself as General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and Chairman of the Central Military Commission ; he has also neutralized potential rivals , including former Chongqing party boss Bo Xilai and former security chief Zhou Yongkang .
Alfred departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of him that have emerged since he took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
Dorothy departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of her that have emerged since she took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
After being a near - silent supporter of remaining in the EU during the Brexit campaign , May has now donned the mantle of Brexiteer populism , targeting both international elites and Britons with a cosmopolitan outlook. Just listen to the way a lot of politicians and commentators talk about the public , he said in his keynote conference speech .
After being a near - silent supporter of remaining in the EU during the Brexit campaign , May has now donned the mantle of Brexiteer populism , targeting both international elites and Britons with a cosmopolitan outlook. Just listen to the way a lot of politicians and commentators talk about the public , she said in her keynote conference speech .
To be sure , the February decision did give Edgar enough to enable him to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Annie enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Keyghobad sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Albercik sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
A recent US - led effort to broker a peace deal in Lebanon , carried out in the hope that this could lead to a breakthrough in Syria , fell victim to the distrust between the two countries. The proposed power - sharing agreement would have replaced Jivavijaya with one of his allies and installed a long - time Saudi client as Prime Minister .
A recent US - led effort to broker a peace deal in Lebanon , carried out in the hope that this could lead to a breakthrough in Syria , fell victim to the distrust between the two countries. The proposed power - sharing agreement would have replaced Odisseu with one of his allies and installed a long - time Saudi client as Prime Minister .
Mildred was able to guide South Africa to freedom , because she was able to see its future more clearly than those who lived through the apartheid years outside of prison. Indeed , she possessed that rare clarity of moral vision that prison perhaps like no other environment can nurture .
Reginald was able to guide South Africa to freedom , because he was able to see its future more clearly than those who lived through the apartheid years outside of prison. Indeed , he possessed that rare clarity of moral vision that prison perhaps like no other environment can nurture .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older woman take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older uncle take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance his education , travel , or shopping in exchange for his company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
For Chinese concerned about how to live in truth , Margaret remains our exemplar. The Charter 77 movement that she founded provided the template for men like the imprisoned Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo , who helped to found Charter 08 , which proclaimed that Chinese , too , could live in dignity and freedom .
For Chinese concerned about how to live in truth , Leroy remains our exemplar. The Charter 77 movement that he founded provided the template for men like the imprisoned Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo , who helped to found Charter 08 , which proclaimed that Chinese , too , could live in dignity and freedom .
WASHINGTON , DC Many people around the world are probably wondering why Jared who is obviously more prepared and better suited for the American presidency than his opponent , Donald Trump is nt waltzing to victory. Many Americans share the worlds bewilderment .
WASHINGTON , DC Many people around the world are probably wondering why Jessica who is obviously more prepared and better suited for the American presidency than her opponent , Donald Trump is nt waltzing to victory. Many Americans share the worlds bewilderment .
Women such as Leonora Pocaterrazas , 21 , who died in childbirth not long ago in the mountain village of Columpapa Grande , Bolivia , leaving her uncle to raise three other children on his own .
Women such as Leonora Pocaterrazas , 21 , who died in childbirth not long ago in the mountain village of Columpapa Grande , Bolivia , leaving her woman to raise three other children on her own .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Frederick regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Frederick knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should he perpetrate another such horror .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Mildred regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Mildred knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should she perpetrate another such horror .
And I believe that not a day passed in Wiesels long life as a celebrated intellectual , honored by great universities and consulted by presidents , without spending at least an hour before a page of the Talmud or the Darrell knowing that initially he would understand nothing of what he read , but that this was the price of the only true celebration .
And I believe that not a day passed in Wiesels long life as a celebrated intellectual , honored by great universities and consulted by presidents , without spending at least an hour before a page of the Talmud or the Melissa knowing that initially she would understand nothing of what she read , but that this was the price of the only true celebration .
So , even in death , Erik will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
So , even in death , Dorothy will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will she be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of her greatest works ?
By reversing course on the WTO , Neil has again shown himself to be Russias master. He did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
By reversing course on the WTO , Kathleen has again shown herself to be Russias master. She did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
By the time Elizabeth , following the example of her friend US President Bill Clinton , became Prime Minister by promoting the third way , socialism seemed to be dead and buried. Clinton and Blair who came to power after that other odd Anglo - American couple , Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher , had started to tear at the fabric of social democracy made compromises of which Attlee would not have dreamed .
By the time Jeffery , following the example of his friend US President Bill Clinton , became Prime Minister by promoting the third way , socialism seemed to be dead and buried. Clinton and Blair who came to power after that other odd Anglo - American couple , Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher , had started to tear at the fabric of social democracy made compromises of which Attlee would not have dreamed .
Moreover , Martha contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Jorge contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
For example , Israeli public opinion could become galvanized in support of peace in the wake of the Jerusalem address , or US Secretary of State John Kerry could make headway in initiating talks. Verners might find a strong voice in Israels government ; the Labor Party could replace Jewish Home in a new governing coalition ; or Netanyahus attitude could change as he seeks to secure his legacy .
For example , Israeli public opinion could become galvanized in support of peace in the wake of the Jerusalem address , or US Secretary of State John Kerry could make headway in initiating talks. Lenci might find a strong voice in Israels government ; the Labor Party could replace Jewish Home in a new governing coalition ; or Netanyahus attitude could change as he seeks to secure his legacy .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small mom sitting stunned and bleeding after her home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small father sitting stunned and bleeding after his home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Lance is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Tammy is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
Few beyond Todd and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
Few beyond Katherine and her close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
Argentines today feel much like Darrell did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Carolyn did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Christop did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while he was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , he admitted as much in his speech at the launch of his political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Keyghobad did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while he was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , he admitted as much in his speech at the launch of his political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
It did , in part , because Raul was sensitive to Gorbachevs and later Boris Yeltsins predicament and avoided making a difficult situation humiliating. He was careful not to gloat or to indulge in the rhetoric of triumphalism .
It did , in part , because Carolyn was sensitive to Gorbachevs and later Boris Yeltsins predicament and avoided making a difficult situation humiliating. She was careful not to gloat or to indulge in the rhetoric of triumphalism .
Now , Barbara is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Barbara is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Jeff is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Jeff is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Lance thinks that his stunts are essential to governance. He has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Susan thinks that her stunts are essential to governance. She has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
It would not have been easy for Betty to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Bill to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
I do not think , therefore , that Jivavijaya will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Jivavijaya was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
I do not think , therefore , that Harrit will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Harrit was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
If Tammy is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Derek is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Jonathan and Hitler both took inspiration from his book , and incorporated his ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Martha and Hitler both took inspiration from her book , and incorporated her ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
That said , the lions share of the responsibility for the emergence of a second Cold War is Russias , and above all Vladimir Putins. Like many of his predecessors , Hugh viewed the US - dominated world order as a threat to his rule and to what he regarded as his countrys rightful place in the world .
That said , the lions share of the responsibility for the emergence of a second Cold War is Russias , and above all Vladimir Putins. Like many of her predecessors , Barbara viewed the US - dominated world order as a threat to her rule and to what she regarded as her countrys rightful place in the world .
After a brilliant secondary education , Cheryl entered Amherst College in Massachusetts without any specific idea about which discipline to embrace or which career to follow. She was passionate about philosophy but , at the insistence of her father , took classes in economics .
After a brilliant secondary education , Bill entered Amherst College in Massachusetts without any specific idea about which discipline to embrace or which career to follow. He was passionate about philosophy but , at the insistence of his father , took classes in economics .
When Bill asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Bill would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Marilyn asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Marilyn would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
Mildred was a fearsome critic of the blood and iron power politics by which Bismarck had brought about German unity. She called it an example of the slave morality that she lambasts in her great work On the Genealogy of Morality a lowly approach to morality , focused simply on relieving suffering .
Marcus was a fearsome critic of the blood and iron power politics by which Bismarck had brought about German unity. He called it an example of the slave morality that he lambasts in his great work On the Genealogy of Morality a lowly approach to morality , focused simply on relieving suffering .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Phyllis spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Raul spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Eldridge and his running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Kauko and his running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
Earl had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Mildred had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Cynthia has been vocal about her opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Cynthia cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over her post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
Arnold has been vocal about his opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Arnold cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over his post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Martha performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Jeff performed at the top of his game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing his career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , he was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Terrance warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. His statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Deborah warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Vide became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Pars became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
Norma reelection chances are dismal ; her loyal prime minister , Manuel Valls , is expected to announce her own candidacy this week , but is polling only marginally better than Hollande , at 9 % . That leaves only the far - left Jean - Luc Mlenchon ( 13 % ) and the photogenic but waffling Arnaud Montebourg , whom Macron succeeded as economy minister .
Earl reelection chances are dismal ; his loyal prime minister , Manuel Valls , is expected to announce his own candidacy this week , but is polling only marginally better than Hollande , at 9 % . That leaves only the far - left Jean - Luc Mlenchon ( 13 % ) and the photogenic but waffling Arnaud Montebourg , whom Macron succeeded as economy minister .
If the election were held today , Lance or other plausible candidates from his party would win handily. If Rousseff , plagued by scandals and a stalled economy , manages to complete her term , the social democrats look well - placed to win three years from now .
If the election were held today , Melissa or other plausible candidates from her party would win handily. If Rousseff , plagued by scandals and a stalled economy , manages to complete her term , the social democrats look well - placed to win three years from now .
Women can be Amazons ; recall Duane prosecution of the Falklands War and his admonition to George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly in the run - up to the first Gulf War. On the other hand , when men see wars , they naturally imagine the world of the warriors , whereas women see themselves in the women who must try to shelter their families from forces they can not control .
Women can be Amazons ; recall Martha prosecution of the Falklands War and her admonition to George H.W. Bush not to go wobbly in the run - up to the first Gulf War. On the other hand , when men see wars , they naturally imagine the world of the warriors , whereas women see themselves in the women who must try to shelter their families from forces they can not control .
Mildred has proved that reinvigorating the economy is her top priority. In this sense , her decision to postpone the second round of the consumer - tax hike planned for next year is not fiscally irresponsible ; on the contrary , it reflects her recognition that Japans economy is not yet strong enough to withstand a sharp tax increase .
Zachary has proved that reinvigorating the economy is his top priority. In this sense , his decision to postpone the second round of the consumer - tax hike planned for next year is not fiscally irresponsible ; on the contrary , it reflects his recognition that Japans economy is not yet strong enough to withstand a sharp tax increase .
Elizabeth repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when she , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Arnold repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Her intention is quite clear : Mans active nature , flagging , seeks too soon the level ; Unqualified repose she learns to crave , Whence , willingly , the comrade him I gave , Who works , excites , and must create , as Devil .
His intention is quite clear : Mans active nature , flagging , seeks too soon the level ; Unqualified repose he learns to crave , Whence , willingly , the comrade him I gave , Who works , excites , and must create , as Devil .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Cheryl was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of her Cheryl biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Cheryl had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Marcus was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of his Marcus biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Marcus had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
For Chinese concerned about how to live in truth , Teresa remains our exemplar. The Charter 77 movement that she founded provided the template for men like the imprisoned Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo , who helped to found Charter 08 , which proclaimed that Chinese , too , could live in dignity and freedom .
For Chinese concerned about how to live in truth , Neil remains our exemplar. The Charter 77 movement that he founded provided the template for men like the imprisoned Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo , who helped to found Charter 08 , which proclaimed that Chinese , too , could live in dignity and freedom .
Far from invincible , Reginald is now viewed as a failed prime minister , confronted by a center - left bloc that may well become the most powerful voice in the Knesset. Yesh Atid voters , who have been disappointed by Lapids failure to deliver the new politics of efficiency and transparency that he promised , may supply the Herzog - Livni alliance with the necessary votes .
Far from invincible , Phyllis is now viewed as a failed prime minister , confronted by a center - left bloc that may well become the most powerful voice in the Knesset. Yesh Atid voters , who have been disappointed by Lapids failure to deliver the new politics of efficiency and transparency that she promised , may supply the Herzog - Livni alliance with the necessary votes .
Republicans have proposed tax reforms in lieu of rate hikes on high - income taxpayers to raise revenues for deficit reduction. Vide has signaled that he is willing to consider this approach , provided it increases tax revenues from the top 2 - 3 % by at least the same amount as higher rates while protecting other taxpayers .
Republicans have proposed tax reforms in lieu of rate hikes on high - income taxpayers to raise revenues for deficit reduction. Budivid has signaled that he is willing to consider this approach , provided it increases tax revenues from the top 2 - 3 % by at least the same amount as higher rates while protecting other taxpayers .
Similarly , denying any bank that does business with a Russian bank or company access to the US financial system would create the kind of economic chaos last seen in Russia immediately after the fall of Communism. Ordinary Russians should be made to understand that permitting Alfred whose primary claim to leadership is that he ended the penury of the first post - Soviet years to continue with his imperialist aggression will cost them dearly .
Similarly , denying any bank that does business with a Russian bank or company access to the US financial system would create the kind of economic chaos last seen in Russia immediately after the fall of Communism. Ordinary Russians should be made to understand that permitting Martha whose primary claim to leadership is that she ended the penury of the first post - Soviet years to continue with her imperialist aggression will cost them dearly .
I wish Terrance a long and successful career as a superstar , though he will have already had a huge cultural impact even if his success proves meteoric. One can hope that , as Asian - Americans continue to break barriers in other arenas they remain under - represented among corporate CEOs , for example these rising superstars will be greeted with similar acclaim .
I wish Mildred a long and successful career as a superstar , though she will have already had a huge cultural impact even if her success proves meteoric. One can hope that , as Asian - Americans continue to break barriers in other arenas they remain under - represented among corporate CEOs , for example these rising superstars will be greeted with similar acclaim .
Barbara hoped to extend her presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that she renounce her military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister. But few international leaders face such a wide range of sworn domestic enemies .
Jorge hoped to extend his presidency this fall without caving in to opposition demands that he renounce his military position and restore a civilian rival to the post of prime minister. But few international leaders face such a wide range of sworn domestic enemies .
There is Franois Ruffin , the leader of the anti - austerity movement Nuit debout , with his irresponsible anti - republican calls of Resign , Macron ! And over there is Alfred , oscillating comically between taking pride in and repenting his call to occupy the Champs lyses last Saturday , thereby becoming accountable for the worst of what was said and done there .
There is Franois Ruffin , the leader of the anti - austerity movement Nuit debout , with his irresponsible anti - republican calls of Resign , Macron ! And over there is Jennifer , oscillating comically between taking pride in and repenting her call to occupy the Champs lyses last Saturday , thereby becoming accountable for the worst of what was said and done there .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Pamela as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Pamela responded to Trumps UN speech by calling her mentally deranged and a dotard .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Edgar as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Edgar responded to Trumps UN speech by calling him mentally deranged and a dotard .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Elizabeth , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Jorge , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
The use of Twitter was not new Rebecca had a well - staffed account but Trumps personal involvement raised questions of how to manage policy thunderbolts from the White House and express complex policy issues ( such as nuclear weapons ) in 140 characters. But , as a device to communicate with her base and keep attention focused on herself , government by Twitter has allowed her to appeal over the heads of Congress and the press .
The use of Twitter was not new Alfred had a well - staffed account but Trumps personal involvement raised questions of how to manage policy thunderbolts from the White House and express complex policy issues ( such as nuclear weapons ) in 140 characters. But , as a device to communicate with his base and keep attention focused on himself , government by Twitter has allowed him to appeal over the heads of Congress and the press .
Social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of Duane in his 1950 Columbia University PhD dissertation. Arrows thesis contained his famous impossibility theorem , an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach .
Social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of Elizabeth in her 1950 Columbia University PhD dissertation. Arrows thesis contained his famous impossibility theorem , an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach .
Alfred had died two years earlier , in 1976 , and the newly rehabilitated Deng Xiaoping succeeded in stamping his vision of economic development and modernization on the Third Plenary Session of the Eleventh Central Committee held in December 1978. In the four decades since , China has transformed itself into an economic powerhouse , portending an equally momentous makeover of the global economy and geopolitics .
Martha had died two years earlier , in 1976 , and the newly rehabilitated Deng Xiaoping succeeded in stamping her vision of economic development and modernization on the Third Plenary Session of the Eleventh Central Committee held in December 1978. In the four decades since , China has transformed itself into an economic powerhouse , portending an equally momentous makeover of the global economy and geopolitics .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Rebecca uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to her increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Neil uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to his increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
Derek was not perfect. Like everyone else , he made mistakes and got some things wrong .
Martha was not perfect. Like everyone else , she made mistakes and got some things wrong .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Katherine stated in an interview just before her inauguration .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Raul stated in an interview just before his inauguration .
When I first interviewed Katherine , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , she answered my question about the role of her Christianity in her politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about her began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when she began to emphasize her own faith as a motivating factor in her moral stand .
When I first interviewed Edgar , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , he answered my question about the role of his Christianity in his politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about him began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when he began to emphasize his own faith as a motivating factor in his moral stand .
It is possible that Oliviu , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Christop , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
Consider the example Summers cites : Deborah visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Pedro visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
When Jeffery met with leaders at the PAS in April 2014 to discuss human trafficking , he called the issue an open wound on the body of contemporary society , a scourge upon the body of Christ. That is what many of the early abolitionists thought , too , and it is up to every generation to continue the work they started .
When Katherine met with leaders at the PAS in April 2014 to discuss human trafficking , she called the issue an open wound on the body of contemporary society , a scourge upon the body of Christ. That is what many of the early abolitionists thought , too , and it is up to every generation to continue the work they started .
While it is important to put pressure on Carolyn to bring her to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Carolyn will be more likely to lash out .
While it is important to put pressure on Derek to bring him to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Derek will be more likely to lash out .
In the end , Jeffery , like his summit - hosting predecessors , had no choice but to inform the Cubans personally that they were not welcome , as there was no consensus regarding their participation. Despite talk of growing Latin American independence and Castros recent reforms , most countries , when forced to choose between Cuba and the US , choose the latter .
In the end , Kathy , like her summit - hosting predecessors , had no choice but to inform the Cubans personally that they were not welcome , as there was no consensus regarding their participation. Despite talk of growing Latin American independence and Castros recent reforms , most countries , when forced to choose between Cuba and the US , choose the latter .
In fact , Arnold and his collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
In fact , Rebecca and her collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
Consider the example Summers cites : Katherine visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Arnold visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Moreover , although Jeff and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Jeff with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
Moreover , although Kathleen and her Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Kathleen with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
By reversing course on the WTO , Carolyn has again shown herself to be Russias master. She did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
By reversing course on the WTO , Neil has again shown himself to be Russias master. He did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
That was true of her relations with the public , but Dorothy could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
That was true of his relations with the public , but Jorge could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
One should not underestimate the opposition that reforms continue to face among Greeks. But like Margaret and Lula , Tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon , If she now says that these measures are unavoidable , there truly must be no alternative .
One should not underestimate the opposition that reforms continue to face among Greeks. But like Lance and Lula , Tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon , If he now says that these measures are unavoidable , there truly must be no alternative .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Arnold until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Teresa until her governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. She then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against her and her inner circle .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Pedro has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Cheryl has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
This threat evidently motivated Kauko to speak out in November : It is no secret , Kauko wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Odisseu to speak out in November : It is no secret , Odisseu wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
Nonetheless , in parts of the American political establishment , Israel specifically , Prime Minister Erik and his Likud Party can do no wrong. A US senator once told me , We are all members of Likud here .
Nonetheless , in parts of the American political establishment , Israel specifically , Prime Minister Deborah and her Likud Party can do no wrong. A US senator once told me , We are all members of Likud here .
Terrance objected that this would be politically unacceptable because it would mean nationalizing banks. Such a policy reeked of socialism and America is not a socialist country , he asserted .
Theresa objected that this would be politically unacceptable because it would mean nationalizing banks. Such a policy reeked of socialism and America is not a socialist country , she asserted .
It is not yet clear whether Terrance will be able to translate this sectional support into enough votes in the party primaries and beyond to retain the presidency. He has the advantage of a massive war chest , given that Nigerias leaders have always done with the public treasury what they liked .
It is not yet clear whether Norma will be able to translate this sectional support into enough votes in the party primaries and beyond to retain the presidency. She has the advantage of a massive war chest , given that Nigerias leaders have always done with the public treasury what they liked .
But , though Teresa maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 she changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
But , though Darrell maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 he changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Julie huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Alfred huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Yet that agreement forced Mexico to lower its tariffs on US goods far more than it forced the US to reduce its already low tariffs on Mexican goods. Unfortunately , the resounding success of Sanderss and Trumps anti - trade rhetoric has pulled Jeffery away from his more centrist position , and might have the same effect on many members of the House and Senate .
Yet that agreement forced Mexico to lower its tariffs on US goods far more than it forced the US to reduce its already low tariffs on Mexican goods. Unfortunately , the resounding success of Sanderss and Trumps anti - trade rhetoric has pulled Emily away from her more centrist position , and might have the same effect on many members of the House and Senate .
The international communitys shameful acceptance of impunity for Marilyn and her henchmen is a blot on the conscience of the world. Western leaders dithering , and the callous , cynical , and cavalier support of Russia and China for Marilyn , is a stigma that they will bear forever .
The international communitys shameful acceptance of impunity for Arnold and his henchmen is a blot on the conscience of the world. Western leaders dithering , and the callous , cynical , and cavalier support of Russia and China for Arnold , is a stigma that they will bear forever .
And that is where Abes behavior becomes truly perverse. After all , a Japan that is isolated in Asia will be even more dependent on the US , the wartime victor , which Terrance and his nationalist allies hold responsible for the postwar order that they seek to revise .
And that is where Abes behavior becomes truly perverse. After all , a Japan that is isolated in Asia will be even more dependent on the US , the wartime victor , which Tammy and her nationalist allies hold responsible for the postwar order that they seek to revise .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Jared became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Katherine became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
In addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a Sydney pub several years ago , Margaret is also the executive director of Earth Hour Global , so she presumably speaks with some authority on the subject. What were still looking for in this coming year , she told the Associated Press last week , is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions .
In addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a Sydney pub several years ago , Harry is also the executive director of Earth Hour Global , so he presumably speaks with some authority on the subject. What were still looking for in this coming year , he told the Associated Press last week , is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Emily mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Alfred mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Betty spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Jonathan spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
True , Derek was not a model democrat , but his charisma and political acumen were crucial for holding all the Palestinian factions together. Now , not even Fatah , Arafats own party , can claim to be a coherent organization .
True , Diane was not a model democrat , but her charisma and political acumen were crucial for holding all the Palestinian factions together. Now , not even Fatah , Arafats own party , can claim to be a coherent organization .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Jared , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Jared ; it would also require his to invest all of his remaining political capital .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Deborah , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Deborah ; it would also require her to invest all of her remaining political capital .
Luck determined that Hughes would be smart enough to get into Harvard and then meet Jeff once there. Likewise , it was luck that Jeff had learned Atari BASIC programming from his father when he was a child .
Luck determined that Hughes would be smart enough to get into Harvard and then meet Dorothy once there. Likewise , it was luck that Dorothy had learned Atari BASIC programming from her father when she was a child .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Derrick can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Annie can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
The conclusion that Reginald and his co - authors draw from this is both surprising and hard to dispute : rather than shrinking our electricity use , the introduction of ever more efficient lighting technologies is much more likely to lead to massivegrowth in the consumption of light .
The conclusion that Theresa and her co - authors draw from this is both surprising and hard to dispute : rather than shrinking our electricity use , the introduction of ever more efficient lighting technologies is much more likely to lead to massivegrowth in the consumption of light .
Imagine Jonathan parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called him this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Imagine Carolyn parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called her this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
And Marilyn was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Marcus was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
For Chinese concerned about how to live in truth , Dorothy remains our exemplar. The Charter 77 movement that she founded provided the template for men like the imprisoned Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo , who helped to found Charter 08 , which proclaimed that Chinese , too , could live in dignity and freedom .
For Chinese concerned about how to live in truth , Neil remains our exemplar. The Charter 77 movement that he founded provided the template for men like the imprisoned Nobel laureate Liu Xiaobo , who helped to found Charter 08 , which proclaimed that Chinese , too , could live in dignity and freedom .
In 1950 , Kundera , then a 20-year - old Communist , reportedly denounced to the criminal police as a Western spy a man he had never met a friend of his friends girlfriend. The son was later brutally interrogated in a former Gestapo torture facility and spent 14 years in prison .
In 1950 , Kundera , then a 20-year - old Communist , reportedly denounced to the criminal police as a Western spy a man she had never met a friend of her friends girlfriend. The aunt was later brutally interrogated in a former Gestapo torture facility and spent 14 years in prison .
As Trump moves from populism to policy , liberals should not turn away in disgust and despair , but rather engage with Terrance positive potential. His proposals need to be interrogated and refined , not dismissed as ignorant ravings .
As Trump moves from populism to policy , liberals should not turn away in disgust and despair , but rather engage with Mildred positive potential. Her proposals need to be interrogated and refined , not dismissed as ignorant ravings .
In addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a Sydney pub several years ago , Raul is also the executive director of Earth Hour Global , so he presumably speaks with some authority on the subject. What were still looking for in this coming year , he told the Associated Press last week , is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions .
In addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a Sydney pub several years ago , Katherine is also the executive director of Earth Hour Global , so she presumably speaks with some authority on the subject. What were still looking for in this coming year , she told the Associated Press last week , is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions .
In 2015 , a photo of Argentinian MP Victoria Donda Prez breastfeeding while taking part in a parliamentary hearing went viral , as it demonstrated the commitment , capabilities , and challenges of working mothers. Such challenges were exemplified by the experience of Nathaniel , a member of Germanys Thuringia state parliament , who last month was barred from entering the legislative chamber with his six - week - old baby .
In 2015 , a photo of Argentinian MP Victoria Donda Prez breastfeeding while taking part in a parliamentary hearing went viral , as it demonstrated the commitment , capabilities , and challenges of working mothers. Such challenges were exemplified by the experience of Annie , a member of Germanys Thuringia state parliament , who last month was barred from entering the legislative chamber with her six - week - old baby .
Moreover , during the political standoff , Lenci has worked behind the scenes to form an administration and to settle on a governing strategy. Aware that he must establish a greater sense of political legitimacy , his cabinet is likely to include representatives of other political parties .
Moreover , during the political standoff , Kajinek has worked behind the scenes to form an administration and to settle on a governing strategy. Aware that he must establish a greater sense of political legitimacy , his cabinet is likely to include representatives of other political parties .
This changed when then - Party leader Pedro and his prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
This changed when then - Party leader Teresa and her prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
Raul told the Associated Press that al - Hanashi was a positive person ( and , one can assume , a natural leader ) who would never consider suicide. He had been in custody for seven years without a lawyer , and killed himself just two weeks after having finally been assigned one ?
Katherine told the Associated Press that al - Hanashi was a positive person ( and , one can assume , a natural leader ) who would never consider suicide. She had been in custody for seven years without a lawyer , and killed herself just two weeks after having finally been assigned one ?
Terrance has taken the oath of office , braving the wrath of his left - wing opposition , out - smarting the Partido de la Revolucin Democrtica ( PRD ) and its leader , Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador , but nonetheless paying a high price. Every TV news show and front - page headline in the world ran the same headline : New Mexican President inaugurated in chaos and fisticuffs .
Deborah has taken the oath of office , braving the wrath of her left - wing opposition , out - smarting the Partido de la Revolucin Democrtica ( PRD ) and its leader , Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador , but nonetheless paying a high price. Every TV news show and front - page headline in the world ran the same headline : New Mexican President inaugurated in chaos and fisticuffs .
Yet opposition to Harrit remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose him and his heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
Yet opposition to Budivid remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose him and his heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Susan made herself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on her leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting her massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were her submissive mistress .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Leroy made himself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on his leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting his massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were his submissive mistress .
In Argentina , the economic achievements of Macris team , which inherited a colossal mess from the Harry dynasty that preceded his administration , have been heroic. Nonetheless , the current macroeconomic policy mix could be improved .
In Argentina , the economic achievements of Macris team , which inherited a colossal mess from the Kathleen dynasty that preceded her administration , have been heroic. Nonetheless , the current macroeconomic policy mix could be improved .
So Edgar , despite his so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to his party and scrape through in the end. He will prevail not because his views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because his opponents look so much worse .
So Tammy , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
I would sit in such meetings watching Leroy glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Leroy would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Jessica glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Jessica would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
Barbara now seems to have decided that her best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. Her campaign begins with South Korea , where she is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Alfred now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Jeffery made it perfectly clear how he feels about the new smaller countries when he told them to shut up when they disagreed with him over Iraq .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Jessica made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to shut up when they disagreed with her over Iraq .
Since Jeff has created an over - centralized regime that can not survive without him , he has to stay as president. Law is of minimal relevance , as he can always order the Constitutional Court to approve his third term .
Since Rebecca has created an over - centralized regime that can not survive without her , she has to stay as president. Law is of minimal relevance , as she can always order the Constitutional Court to approve her third term .
This is certainly high - stakes poker , with huge sums hanging in the balance in the $ 170 trillion global financial market. Investors , who viewed Erik as a warm security blanket , now lavish him with fat six - figure speaking fees .
This is certainly high - stakes poker , with huge sums hanging in the balance in the $ 170 trillion global financial market. Investors , who viewed Betty as a warm security blanket , now lavish her with fat six - figure speaking fees .
Elizabeth described illiberal democracy as a growth industry , and she was right : in the past 15 years , it has come with full force to Latin America .
Reginald described illiberal democracy as a growth industry , and he was right : in the past 15 years , it has come with full force to Latin America .
They applauded her everywhere on her recent trip to Europe , but sent her home almost empty - handed , resisting the idea of a coordinated fiscal stimulus and , after years of preaching multilateralism , turning down her call for more European troops for Afghanistan. For many in Europe , it was easier to live against Bush than to make sacrifices with Obama .
They applauded him everywhere on his recent trip to Europe , but sent him home almost empty - handed , resisting the idea of a coordinated fiscal stimulus and , after years of preaching multilateralism , turning down his call for more European troops for Afghanistan. For many in Europe , it was easier to live against Bush than to make sacrifices with Obama .
Avizeh favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. She also says she will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Hildegunn favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. She also says she will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
In this sense , Obamas declaration that Russia is a regional power acting out of weakness , no less than Russias suspension from the G-8 , may have hit Jeffery where he is most vulnerable. His actions in Ukraine have undoubtedly brought Russia tangible gains in the short term .
In this sense , Obamas declaration that Russia is a regional power acting out of weakness , no less than Russias suspension from the G-8 , may have hit Martha where she is most vulnerable. Her actions in Ukraine have undoubtedly brought Russia tangible gains in the short term .
When either of these two scenarios is lacking , American initiatives are stillborn. This happened to Kathy at Camp David in 2000 , when she failed to bring Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat to an agreement , and to Bushs Road Map in 2003 , when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines , but did little to implement them .
When either of these two scenarios is lacking , American initiatives are stillborn. This happened to Leroy at Camp David in 2000 , when he failed to bring Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat to an agreement , and to Bushs Road Map in 2003 , when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines , but did little to implement them .
More recently , Barbara who famously declared that she did not play small ball attempted to transform the Middle East with her freedom agenda. More than a decade later , the US is still struggling to withdraw from the conflicts that she initiated .
More recently , Jonathan who famously declared that he did not play small ball attempted to transform the Middle East with his freedom agenda. More than a decade later , the US is still struggling to withdraw from the conflicts that he initiated .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Frederick warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. His statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Julie warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Complicating matters further , Arnold statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Complicating matters further , Diane statement that she is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Pamela came back , she was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Derek came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Although Duane did not elaborate on his mistakes , the reference was obvious : his impulsive decision in March 2007 to fire Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry from the Supreme Court. The judge had refused to be directed by the president and the military in deciding important constitutional matters , including Musharrafs own eligibility to contest the presidency while still in uniform .
Although Carolyn did not elaborate on her mistakes , the reference was obvious : her impulsive decision in March 2007 to fire Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry from the Supreme Court. The judge had refused to be directed by the president and the military in deciding important constitutional matters , including Musharrafs own eligibility to contest the presidency while still in uniform .
But the risks of losing control of the situation weighed heavily on Margaret , too , which is why she took a more prudent position than some of her advisers would have liked. The moral of the story is that a little nuclear deterrence goes a long way .
But the risks of losing control of the situation weighed heavily on Nathaniel , too , which is why he took a more prudent position than some of his advisers would have liked. The moral of the story is that a little nuclear deterrence goes a long way .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Jorge and his team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Kathleen and her team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Pedro noted in his book China : Fragile Superpower. When he mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why he used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Elizabeth noted in her book China : Fragile Superpower. When she mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why she used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older dad take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance his education , travel , or shopping in exchange for his company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older mother take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Pamela uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to her increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Alfred uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to his increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
With his careful combination of hard and soft power , Bill created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. He was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Dorothy created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
There is Franois Ruffin , the leader of the anti - austerity movement Nuit debout , with his irresponsible anti - republican calls of Resign , Macron ! And over there is Martha , oscillating comically between taking pride in and repenting her call to occupy the Champs lyses last Saturday , thereby becoming accountable for the worst of what was said and done there .
There is Franois Ruffin , the leader of the anti - austerity movement Nuit debout , with his irresponsible anti - republican calls of Resign , Macron ! And over there is Todd , oscillating comically between taking pride in and repenting his call to occupy the Champs lyses last Saturday , thereby becoming accountable for the worst of what was said and done there .
Likewise , Japan and India have long regarded Thailand as a democratic bulwark in a neighborhood where some regimes Cambodia and Laos are firmly under Chinas hegemonic sway. Indeed , its government has proved to be a strong supporter of Myanmars president , Thein Sein , as he seeks to free his country from Chinas tight embrace .
Likewise , Japan and India have long regarded Thailand as a democratic bulwark in a neighborhood where some regimes Cambodia and Laos are firmly under Chinas hegemonic sway. Indeed , its government has proved to be a strong supporter of Myanmars president , Thein Sein , as she seeks to free her country from Chinas tight embrace .
Cynthia now seems to have decided that her best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. Her campaign begins with South Korea , where she is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Jorge now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Martha had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted her standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
Erik had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted his standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
One jihadist who trained in al - Qaedas camps , and met Marilyn , told me that upon her return from Afghanistan , she was invited to meet al - Ahmars associates and was given a monthly stipend. During a 1999 trial of Yemenis convicted of kidnapping 16 Europeans , it emerged that the groups ringleader called al - Ahmar during the ordeal .
One jihadist who trained in al - Qaedas camps , and met Alfred , told me that upon his return from Afghanistan , he was invited to meet al - Ahmars associates and was given a monthly stipend. During a 1999 trial of Yemenis convicted of kidnapping 16 Europeans , it emerged that the groups ringleader called al - Ahmar during the ordeal .
Dorothy declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Earl declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
The perception of `` two Ukraines `` emerged in the presidential election of 2004 partly due to the charge that Jessica would eliminate the constitutional guarantee that ethnic Russians could use Russian as their primary language of instruction in schools. But during her campaign Jessica assured Russophones that she would uphold such rights .
The perception of `` two Ukraines `` emerged in the presidential election of 2004 partly due to the charge that Jorge would eliminate the constitutional guarantee that ethnic Russians could use Russian as their primary language of instruction in schools. But during his campaign Jorge assured Russophones that he would uphold such rights .
Kathleen seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Jeffery seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
This is the same Dorothy who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Earl who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
That changed after Marilyn returned to Russias presidency in 2012. Her main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which she knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into her embrace .
That changed after Pedro returned to Russias presidency in 2012. His main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which he knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into his embrace .
With nothing to lose , Budivid could decide to destabilize the Islamic Republic if he considers it necessary for his survival. Indeed , now that the Guardian Council has disqualified Mashai from the presidential race , Ahmadinejads resentment will probably manifest itself in behavior before and after the election , such as releasing information on high - level corruption .
With nothing to lose , Fabijano could decide to destabilize the Islamic Republic if he considers it necessary for his survival. Indeed , now that the Guardian Council has disqualified Mashai from the presidential race , Ahmadinejads resentment will probably manifest itself in behavior before and after the election , such as releasing information on high - level corruption .
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Jeffery closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Katherine closest aides , her Press Secretary , when asked recently about her retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
Raul , for his part , appears smugly content with his negotiating position. Not only did he arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with his habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; he also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for his native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave him in 2012 .
Dorothy , for her part , appears smugly content with her negotiating position. Not only did she arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with her habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; she also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for her native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave her in 2012 .
The root of Mildred moral demise is something the classical Greeks identified : hubris. Mildred popularity among her party followers , whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism , changed her from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a man who regards power and its prerogatives as being her by right .
The root of Erik moral demise is something the classical Greeks identified : hubris. Erik popularity among his party followers , whose fervency often bordered on fundamentalism , changed him from a person with deep democratic instincts into a textbook case of a man who regards power and its prerogatives as being his by right .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Jeffery formulated his theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Jeffery actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Diane formulated her theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Diane actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Mildred mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Alfred mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
If my intuition is correct , Betty and her fellow travelers will never be convinced that they are wrong. Accepting the idea that central bankers may be doing the best they can in a difficult situation would require entertaining the possibility that markets are imperfect and fallible .
If my intuition is correct , Reginald and his fellow travelers will never be convinced that they are wrong. Accepting the idea that central bankers may be doing the best they can in a difficult situation would require entertaining the possibility that markets are imperfect and fallible .
Yet that agreement forced Mexico to lower its tariffs on US goods far more than it forced the US to reduce its already low tariffs on Mexican goods. Unfortunately , the resounding success of Sanderss and Trumps anti - trade rhetoric has pulled Jeffery away from his more centrist position , and might have the same effect on many members of the House and Senate .
Yet that agreement forced Mexico to lower its tariffs on US goods far more than it forced the US to reduce its already low tariffs on Mexican goods. Unfortunately , the resounding success of Sanderss and Trumps anti - trade rhetoric has pulled Melissa away from her more centrist position , and might have the same effect on many members of the House and Senate .
Given that such a move would imply that Chinas claim to the islands may have some legitimacy , Kathleen possible concession on this point is no trivial matter ; it could even mean that she will agree with China to restore the status quo ante. In that case , one hopes that Xi will follow Deng Xiaopings counsel and allow the issue to be shelved for some time so that the wiser next generation can find a solution acceptable to all .
Given that such a move would imply that Chinas claim to the islands may have some legitimacy , Jeff possible concession on this point is no trivial matter ; it could even mean that he will agree with China to restore the status quo ante. In that case , one hopes that Xi will follow Deng Xiaopings counsel and allow the issue to be shelved for some time so that the wiser next generation can find a solution acceptable to all .
To glimpse just how dangerous , consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconis MediaSet conglomerate has seduced broad swathes of the electorate since the 1980s with a Murdoch - like combination of insipid variety shows and partisan political theater. When Italys postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990s , Kathleen was able to establish her own political party , win power , and , over the course of three governments , bend laws and government institutions to serve her business and personal interests .
To glimpse just how dangerous , consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconis MediaSet conglomerate has seduced broad swathes of the electorate since the 1980s with a Murdoch - like combination of insipid variety shows and partisan political theater. When Italys postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990s , Raul was able to establish his own political party , win power , and , over the course of three governments , bend laws and government institutions to serve his business and personal interests .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig daddy whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect his criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig lady whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect her criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
Harrit was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as he called them , whom he regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Eldridge was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as he called them , whom he regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
The difference between these victorious leftists and El Salvadors FMLN will be revealed when the FMLNs old characteristics as an armed movement are challenged by the daily facts of governance. For , while Pamela is no old guerrilla hack , her vice president , Salvador Sanchez Ceren , and almost the entire FMLN leadership are unreformed Castroist guerrilla leaders and cadres .
The difference between these victorious leftists and El Salvadors FMLN will be revealed when the FMLNs old characteristics as an armed movement are challenged by the daily facts of governance. For , while Edgar is no old guerrilla hack , his vice president , Salvador Sanchez Ceren , and almost the entire FMLN leadership are unreformed Castroist guerrilla leaders and cadres .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Elizabeth lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. She failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Frederick lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. He failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Julie ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose her , commanders took her literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Marcus ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
I had the honor of attending the premiere of The Most Dangerous Man in America , the new documentary about Dorothy and her daring release of the Pentagon Papers against the will of the US government to The New York Times back in 1971. At that time , newspapers held the publics focus and could be a powerful gadfly .
I had the honor of attending the premiere of The Most Dangerous Man in America , the new documentary about Edgar and his daring release of the Pentagon Papers against the will of the US government to The New York Times back in 1971. At that time , newspapers held the publics focus and could be a powerful gadfly .
But , as Jorge has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Jorge , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Margaret has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Margaret , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
As in Ukraine and China , Venezuelas government has been trying to collectivize production. After Theresa was re - elected in 2006 , she decided to accelerate the revolution and nationalized banks , telecoms , cement , steel , supermarkets , hundreds of other firms , and millions of hectares of land .
As in Ukraine and China , Venezuelas government has been trying to collectivize production. After Pedro was re - elected in 2006 , he decided to accelerate the revolution and nationalized banks , telecoms , cement , steel , supermarkets , hundreds of other firms , and millions of hectares of land .
Where Barbara fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received her as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though she rightly slammed her guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what she needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what she calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
Where Frederick fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what he needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what he calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Duane found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Annie found a compromise : she named a man she trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as her preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another uncle , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another wife , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
Ominously , Leroy most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that he takes his inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
Ominously , Teresa most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that she takes her inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
But now Susan wants her back. Whatever else she might be , Susan does not come across as a convincing war leader .
But now Harry wants him back. Whatever else he might be , Harry does not come across as a convincing war leader .
Indeed , although Carolyn identified food for the people as one of her regimes top three priorities for 2015 , little investment in this effort was actually made. Not even the resumption of fertilizer supplies by a private South Korean organization was enough to make a real difference .
Indeed , although Jeff identified food for the people as one of his regimes top three priorities for 2015 , little investment in this effort was actually made. Not even the resumption of fertilizer supplies by a private South Korean organization was enough to make a real difference .
As in Ukraine and China , Venezuelas government has been trying to collectivize production. After Phyllis was re - elected in 2006 , she decided to accelerate the revolution and nationalized banks , telecoms , cement , steel , supermarkets , hundreds of other firms , and millions of hectares of land .
As in Ukraine and China , Venezuelas government has been trying to collectivize production. After Harry was re - elected in 2006 , he decided to accelerate the revolution and nationalized banks , telecoms , cement , steel , supermarkets , hundreds of other firms , and millions of hectares of land .
But the risks of losing control of the situation weighed heavily on Margaret , too , which is why she took a more prudent position than some of her advisers would have liked. The moral of the story is that a little nuclear deterrence goes a long way .
But the risks of losing control of the situation weighed heavily on Jared , too , which is why he took a more prudent position than some of his advisers would have liked. The moral of the story is that a little nuclear deterrence goes a long way .
In the end , Derek has what history left him : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
In the end , Kathleen has what history left her : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
On the other hand , Venezuelas aggressive redistributive transfers under Cynthia and her successor , Nicols Maduro , were financed by temporary oil revenues , placing both the transfers and macroeconomic stability at risk. Even though inequality has been reduced in Venezuela ( for the time being ) , the economys growth prospects have been severely weakened .
On the other hand , Venezuelas aggressive redistributive transfers under Reginald and his successor , Nicols Maduro , were financed by temporary oil revenues , placing both the transfers and macroeconomic stability at risk. Even though inequality has been reduced in Venezuela ( for the time being ) , the economys growth prospects have been severely weakened .
If you trusted the founder of Singapore and thought her legitimate , who better to trust than the founders own son ? Indeed , the mother would remain on the scene , first as Senior Minister and then in her mentor role , and had made her son prove her abilities openly in a series of prominent positions .
If you trusted the founder of Singapore and thought him legitimate , who better to trust than the founders own son ? Indeed , the man would remain on the scene , first as Senior Minister and then in his mentor role , and had made his son prove his abilities openly in a series of prominent positions .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Todd and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Emily and her team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
As American politics becomes more polarized , and as Pamela struggles to manage the challenges posed by epochal global developments , large domestic programs to address rising income inequality are probably beyond her administrations reach. And , though there is no shortage of candidates lining up to succeed her in 2016 , one might wonder , after her experience , why anyone would want the job .
As American politics becomes more polarized , and as Bill struggles to manage the challenges posed by epochal global developments , large domestic programs to address rising income inequality are probably beyond his administrations reach. And , though there is no shortage of candidates lining up to succeed him in 2016 , one might wonder , after his experience , why anyone would want the job .
But , as Jared has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Jared , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Julie has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Julie , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But this is what Darrell encouraged Americans to do. When normal mortgages did not prime the pump enough , he encouraged them to take out variable - rate mortgages at a time when interest rates had nowhere to go but up .
But this is what Emily encouraged Americans to do. When normal mortgages did not prime the pump enough , she encouraged them to take out variable - rate mortgages at a time when interest rates had nowhere to go but up .
Can Kotsos , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Verners , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
What is surprising is how Tammy has misread the situation so badly. How could such a keen observer of the US , whose former career as a spy honed her ability to decipher peoples motives and intentions , fail to recognize the falseness of Trumps promises ?
What is surprising is how Duane has misread the situation so badly. How could such a keen observer of the US , whose former career as a spy honed his ability to decipher peoples motives and intentions , fail to recognize the falseness of Trumps promises ?
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Jonathan closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Carolyn closest aides , her Press Secretary , when asked recently about her retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
Phyllis wants to stamp out corruption , to see the rule of law applied everywhere , to foster policy environments that encourage businesses to start up and thrive , and to strengthen the role of women. She wants to reward those who support pluralist democracy and is a champion of civil society and a free press , and the Ibrahim Foundation is also deeply involved in the fight against global warming .
Raul wants to stamp out corruption , to see the rule of law applied everywhere , to foster policy environments that encourage businesses to start up and thrive , and to strengthen the role of women. He wants to reward those who support pluralist democracy and is a champion of civil society and a free press , and the Ibrahim Foundation is also deeply involved in the fight against global warming .
WARSAW In the weeks since Tammy inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that she intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
WARSAW In the weeks since Bill inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that he intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
But , though Arnold maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 he changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
But , though Annie maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 she changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Melissa prides herself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Jerome prides himself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
And , while Melissa position at the central bank makes her independent , she is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
And , while Duane position at the central bank makes him independent , he is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Marilyn is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Frederick is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
While Frederick has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of his political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Frederick , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
While Phyllis has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , she has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of her political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Phyllis , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
In his final years , Karstein shifted his focus to the emergence of capitalism and the creation of markets in China. According to Karstein , since the period of reform and opening up began in 1979 , China has been a living experiment in institutional evolution , shaped simultaneously by the central government and by local governments and enterprises .
In his final years , Odisseu shifted his focus to the emergence of capitalism and the creation of markets in China. According to Odisseu , since the period of reform and opening up began in 1979 , China has been a living experiment in institutional evolution , shaped simultaneously by the central government and by local governments and enterprises .
The claim is to exclusive representation. Remember Budivid boast in his address to the Republican National Convention : I alone can fix it .
The claim is to exclusive representation. Remember Airiz boast in his address to the Republican National Convention : I alone can fix it .
Jonathan and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Theresa and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
I would sit in such meetings watching Diane glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Diane would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Jerome glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Jerome would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
As an older man , Hugh qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
As an older man , Barbara qualified her views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
Here is a mom who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a boy who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Hugh , for his part , appears smugly content with his negotiating position. Not only did he arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with his habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; he also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for his native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave him in 2012 .
Katherine , for her part , appears smugly content with her negotiating position. Not only did she arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with her habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; she also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for her native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave her in 2012 .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Cynthia performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Pedro performed at the top of his game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing his career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , he was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Julie envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Zachary envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
Only now has Theoden met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Oliviu met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
So , even in death , Harrit will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
So , even in death , Theoden will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
Lance may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but he was not viscerally hostile to it ; he understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
Cheryl may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but she was not viscerally hostile to it ; she understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Neil made himself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on his leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting his massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were his submissive mistress .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Mildred made herself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on her leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting her massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were her submissive mistress .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Katherine has lacked in economic - policy achievements , she has made up for in bringing about social change .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Darrell has lacked in economic - policy achievements , he has made up for in bringing about social change .
One can only hope that he will prove his critics wrong. For those women in India who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society , it would be wonderful if he can demonstrate early on that he has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position .
One can only hope that she will prove her critics wrong. For those women in India who have proven themselves to be effective leaders in all segments of society , it would be wonderful if she can demonstrate early on that she has the intellectual and professional gravitas that befits the position .
Jeffery would not have conquered most of the known world of his time without the influence of his philosopher - teacher Aristotle. And he was not unique : behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance .
Pamela would not have conquered most of the known world of her time without the influence of her philosopher - teacher Aristotle. And she was not unique : behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Derrick was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Annie was now not a Republican but an Independent. She might start a third party .
Frederick had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted his standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
Teresa had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted her standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Duane . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Martha . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
By giving key regional actors alternatives to bowing to US pressure on issues like nuclear non - proliferation and the fight against terrorism , Russias recent maneuvers have complicated American diplomatic efforts considerably. Though Mildred has not broken from the international consensus on these issues , she could block progress in order to compel the US to change its policies toward Ukraine , Syria , and other countries .
By giving key regional actors alternatives to bowing to US pressure on issues like nuclear non - proliferation and the fight against terrorism , Russias recent maneuvers have complicated American diplomatic efforts considerably. Though Leroy has not broken from the international consensus on these issues , he could block progress in order to compel the US to change its policies toward Ukraine , Syria , and other countries .
I wish Marcus a long and successful career as a superstar , though he will have already had a huge cultural impact even if his success proves meteoric. One can hope that , as Asian - Americans continue to break barriers in other arenas they remain under - represented among corporate CEOs , for example these rising superstars will be greeted with similar acclaim .
I wish Theresa a long and successful career as a superstar , though she will have already had a huge cultural impact even if her success proves meteoric. One can hope that , as Asian - Americans continue to break barriers in other arenas they remain under - represented among corporate CEOs , for example these rising superstars will be greeted with similar acclaim .
One question is why Kathy and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Kathy has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Duane and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Duane has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
The perception of `` two Ukraines `` emerged in the presidential election of 2004 partly due to the charge that Kathy would eliminate the constitutional guarantee that ethnic Russians could use Russian as their primary language of instruction in schools. But during her campaign Kathy assured Russophones that she would uphold such rights .
The perception of `` two Ukraines `` emerged in the presidential election of 2004 partly due to the charge that Jerome would eliminate the constitutional guarantee that ethnic Russians could use Russian as their primary language of instruction in schools. But during his campaign Jerome assured Russophones that he would uphold such rights .
What was it that made France so formidable an enemy , particularly of Russia ? This question was at the heart of her greatest novel , War and Peace so much so that Tolstoy sometimes argued that her book was not a novel at all , but an inquiry into the philosophy of history .
What was it that made France so formidable an enemy , particularly of Russia ? This question was at the heart of his greatest novel , War and Peace so much so that Tolstoy sometimes argued that his book was not a novel at all , but an inquiry into the philosophy of history .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Jared and his colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Kathleen and her colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older mother take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older grandfather take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance his education , travel , or shopping in exchange for his company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Jeff speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , his autobiography is not worth reading .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Emily speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , her autobiography is not worth reading .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Harry reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Kathy reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , she observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting her loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Tammy has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared her candidacy to many business leaders , she , too , has played down the issue .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Neil has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared his candidacy to many business leaders , he , too , has played down the issue .
President Abdel Fattah el - Sisis dictatorship is even more violent than that of Hosni Mubarak , the strongman whose 30-year rule was ended by the 2011 uprising. With the help of a police force that he himself describes as a million - man mafia , Zachary has made repression the paramount organizing principle of his regime .
President Abdel Fattah el - Sisis dictatorship is even more violent than that of Hosni Mubarak , the strongman whose 30-year rule was ended by the 2011 uprising. With the help of a police force that he himself describes as a million - man mafia , Margaret has made repression the paramount organizing principle of her regime .
Rebecca would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. She could talk about the sort of Asia she would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that she believes are necessary .
Hugh would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. He could talk about the sort of Asia he would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that he believes are necessary .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Duane and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Martha and her team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
But Julie behavior did not help. Indeed , she even angered the United States , Taiwans only military protector , by her frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to Americas longstanding One - China policy .
But Jorge behavior did not help. Indeed , he even angered the United States , Taiwans only military protector , by his frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to Americas longstanding One - China policy .
More than any other government official , she was responsible for institutionalizing the key strategic doctrine of the nuclear age , deterrence , otherwise known as mutual assured destruction. Now she wanted to dispense with it .
More than any other government official , he was responsible for institutionalizing the key strategic doctrine of the nuclear age , deterrence , otherwise known as mutual assured destruction. Now he wanted to dispense with it .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Carolyn disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration. Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Harry disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Kerigan has toned down his rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Eldridge has toned down his rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
I would sit in such meetings watching Annie glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Annie would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Darrell glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Darrell would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
Navalny argued that people should stay home to deprive Nathaniel of his desired 70 % turnout. But with Navalny himself barred from running , owing to trumped - up criminal charges , even traditional opposition strongholds like Moscow and St. Petersburg went to Nathaniel .
Navalny argued that people should stay home to deprive Mildred of her desired 70 % turnout. But with Navalny himself barred from running , owing to trumped - up criminal charges , even traditional opposition strongholds like Moscow and St. Petersburg went to Mildred .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Marilyn and her team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Jeffery and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
Just as Elizabeth started her invasion of Tibet while the world was preoccupied with the Korean War , so she chose a perfect time to invade India , as recommended by the ancient strategist Sun Tzu. The attack coincided with a major international crisis that brought the United States and the Soviet Union within a whisker of nuclear war over the stealthy deployment of Soviet missiles in Cuba .
Just as Erik started his invasion of Tibet while the world was preoccupied with the Korean War , so he chose a perfect time to invade India , as recommended by the ancient strategist Sun Tzu. The attack coincided with a major international crisis that brought the United States and the Soviet Union within a whisker of nuclear war over the stealthy deployment of Soviet missiles in Cuba .
Moreover , he will need to keep all alternatives on the table , even though military options are becoming less tenable in the context of inter - Korean dialogue. Most important , he will need to get the North Korean regime at least to acknowledge that genuine denuclearization is the goal , and to agree to a process for continued dialogue , perhaps culminating in another summit .
Moreover , she will need to keep all alternatives on the table , even though military options are becoming less tenable in the context of inter - Korean dialogue. Most important , she will need to get the North Korean regime at least to acknowledge that genuine denuclearization is the goal , and to agree to a process for continued dialogue , perhaps culminating in another summit .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Jeffery and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Jeffery levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Jessica and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Jessica levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when she ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Zachary on this trip. He sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Elizabeth on this trip. She sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
There can be no doubt that Alfred has the right instincts. He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
There can be no doubt that Phyllis has the right instincts. She wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
By the end of his life , Jared had become a political pariah in Georgia , the West , and Russia , where he was viewed as an architect of the Soviet Unions dissolution. Yet , even if he was largely forgotten after the Rose Revolution of 2003 , when he was ousted by his one - time protg , Mikheil Saakashvili , his cunning and skill at manipulating political forces still enabled him to manage his legacy to his advantage .
By the end of his life , Katherine had become a political pariah in Georgia , the West , and Russia , where she was viewed as an architect of the Soviet Unions dissolution. Yet , even if she was largely forgotten after the Rose Revolution of 2003 , when she was ousted by her one - time protg , Mikheil Saakashvili , her cunning and skill at manipulating political forces still enabled her to manage her legacy to her advantage .
Fabijano has said that history will redeem him , and compares himself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Fabijano ?
Harrit has said that history will redeem him , and compares himself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Harrit ?
Nathaniel would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. He could talk about the sort of Asia he would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that he believes are necessary .
Jessica would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. She could talk about the sort of Asia she would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that she believes are necessary .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Diane recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on her head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Jared recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
Here , too , Neil tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying his remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Here , too , Jennifer tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying her remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Moreover , although Jeff and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Jeff with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
Moreover , although Mildred and her Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Mildred with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
Moreover , Japans powerful bureaucracy which has a long history of impeding reform ( and has taken too little of the blame for the countrys lost decades of stagnation ) was probably not convinced that the election had authorized Katherine to push for sweeping change. Expecting Katherine to show the same inertia as the DPJ premiers who preceded her , they behaved in the way they always had advancing their own interests , instead of faithfully enacting the policies of the elected government .
Moreover , Japans powerful bureaucracy which has a long history of impeding reform ( and has taken too little of the blame for the countrys lost decades of stagnation ) was probably not convinced that the election had authorized Zachary to push for sweeping change. Expecting Zachary to show the same inertia as the DPJ premiers who preceded him , they behaved in the way they always had advancing their own interests , instead of faithfully enacting the policies of the elected government .
But the announcement of this policy change at the February meeting also did not go smoothly. Margaret somehow garbled the Councils message in her press conference , making it sound as if the ECB wanted to shift to an easing bias instead of wait and see neutrality .
But the announcement of this policy change at the February meeting also did not go smoothly. Zachary somehow garbled the Councils message in his press conference , making it sound as if the ECB wanted to shift to an easing bias instead of wait and see neutrality .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Betty and her leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Nathaniel and his leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
But while Pamela was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing her agenda , she may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
But while Reginald was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Phyllis and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Phyllis says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ she kisses her gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Derek and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Derek says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ he kisses his gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Yet Emily has indicated that she would even prohibit anyone with past experience on Wall Street from serving in her administration. Such blanket statements and superficial judgments do not belong in the selection of individuals for important positions .
Yet Derek has indicated that he would even prohibit anyone with past experience on Wall Street from serving in his administration. Such blanket statements and superficial judgments do not belong in the selection of individuals for important positions .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Pamela assessment attested to her understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Earl assessment attested to his understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Julie performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Derek performed at the top of his game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing his career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , he was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Jeff each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Annie each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Kauko began. And Kauko should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Budivid began. And Budivid should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Jonathan has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Cynthia has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Earl following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Carolyn following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
As for Franklin Roosevelt , it is at least debatable whether structural forces would have brought the US into World War II under a conservative isolationist. Clearly , FDRs framing of the threat posed by Jerome , and his preparation for taking advantage of an event like Pearl Harbor , were crucial factors .
As for Franklin Roosevelt , it is at least debatable whether structural forces would have brought the US into World War II under a conservative isolationist. Clearly , FDRs framing of the threat posed by Kathy , and her preparation for taking advantage of an event like Pearl Harbor , were crucial factors .
For example , in a recent paper , Darrell and his co - authors measured government effectiveness by mailing letters to non - existent business addresses in 159 countries and measuring how long it took for the letters to be returned or whether they were returned at all. They found that this indicator correlated very well with many other governance indicators .
For example , in a recent paper , Susan and her co - authors measured government effectiveness by mailing letters to non - existent business addresses in 159 countries and measuring how long it took for the letters to be returned or whether they were returned at all. They found that this indicator correlated very well with many other governance indicators .
But Emily behavior did not help. Indeed , she even angered the United States , Taiwans only military protector , by her frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to Americas longstanding One - China policy .
But Arnold behavior did not help. Indeed , he even angered the United States , Taiwans only military protector , by his frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to Americas longstanding One - China policy .
Elizabeth is secure in her position because an early presidential election requires a two - thirds parliamentary vote an unlikely scenario given the AKPs near - majority. She has thus become Turkeys most powerful leader since the country began to hold contested elections in the years immediately following World War II .
Zachary is secure in his position because an early presidential election requires a two - thirds parliamentary vote an unlikely scenario given the AKPs near - majority. He has thus become Turkeys most powerful leader since the country began to hold contested elections in the years immediately following World War II .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Tammy allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Tammy and her regimes top henchmen .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Jeff allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Jeff and his regimes top henchmen .
Perhaps the greatest display of this political schizophrenia took place last month in Red Square , where a witchs brew of Red Victory flags , tri - color Imperial flags , Stalin portraits , and Orthodox icons marched side by side during the 60th anniversary celebration marking WWIIs end. Nathaniel took that occasion to repeat his political mantra Russia is developing its own brand of democracy while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWIIs eve .
Perhaps the greatest display of this political schizophrenia took place last month in Red Square , where a witchs brew of Red Victory flags , tri - color Imperial flags , Stalin portraits , and Orthodox icons marched side by side during the 60th anniversary celebration marking WWIIs end. Diane took that occasion to repeat her political mantra Russia is developing its own brand of democracy while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWIIs eve .
For example , Jerome threatened to rescind the official apologies issued by former leaders or officials for abuses and atrocities committed by Japans army during WWII , and stated his intention to visit the controversial Yasukuni Shrine , which honors not only Japans war dead , but also many of its war criminals. While Jerome has not acted on these campaign statements , some observers remain convinced that he will visit Yasukuni at some point , further straining Japans relations with South Korea and China .
For example , Emily threatened to rescind the official apologies issued by former leaders or officials for abuses and atrocities committed by Japans army during WWII , and stated her intention to visit the controversial Yasukuni Shrine , which honors not only Japans war dead , but also many of its war criminals. While Emily has not acted on these campaign statements , some observers remain convinced that she will visit Yasukuni at some point , further straining Japans relations with South Korea and China .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Pars in his recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Kauko in his recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Vide as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Oliviu as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
BANGKOK Joseph Estrada , the disgraced former president of the Philippines , faces the prospect of spending his remaining years in prison after a special court in Manila found him guilty of amassing around US $ 15 million in bribes and kickbacks. During the 30 months he ruled his country , from mid-1998 to the start of 2001 , Jeff accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated ( with social security funds ) sales of stocks , channeling much of the profits into his personal aliased account .
BANGKOK Joseph Estrada , the disgraced former president of the Philippines , faces the prospect of spending her remaining years in prison after a special court in Manila found her guilty of amassing around US $ 15 million in bribes and kickbacks. During the 30 months she ruled her country , from mid-1998 to the start of 2001 , Jennifer accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated ( with social security funds ) sales of stocks , channeling much of the profits into her personal aliased account .
MADISON In the Euthyphro , one of Platos early dialogues , Barbara travels to the Athenian court to defend herself against trumped - up charges that she has corrupted the citys youth and does not believe in the gods. Just before she gets there , she has an encounter that sheds powerful light on what may be US President Donald Trumps most important shortcoming .
MADISON In the Euthyphro , one of Platos early dialogues , Jorge travels to the Athenian court to defend himself against trumped - up charges that he has corrupted the citys youth and does not believe in the gods. Just before he gets there , he has an encounter that sheds powerful light on what may be US President Donald Trumps most important shortcoming .
Katherine was not off by much when she famously predicted in 1930 that the human race 's economic problem , the struggle for subsistence , `` was likely to be solved , or be at least within sight of solution , within a hundred years. `` It will take another generation , perhaps , before robots have completely taken over manufacturing , kitchen work , and construction ; and the developing world looks to be 50 years behind .
Hugh was not off by much when he famously predicted in 1930 that the human race 's economic problem , the struggle for subsistence , `` was likely to be solved , or be at least within sight of solution , within a hundred years. `` It will take another generation , perhaps , before robots have completely taken over manufacturing , kitchen work , and construction ; and the developing world looks to be 50 years behind .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Phyllis proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Jeff proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Since the day the new German government was sworn in , it has been clear that Harry trademark tactic of neutralizing potential critics by including them in his cabinet would no longer work. Seehofer immediately launched a cold war within the governing coalition .
Since the day the new German government was sworn in , it has been clear that Margaret trademark tactic of neutralizing potential critics by including them in her cabinet would no longer work. Seehofer immediately launched a cold war within the governing coalition .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Terrance allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Terrance and his regimes top henchmen .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Katherine allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Katherine and her regimes top henchmen .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Erik . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Diane . She will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has her own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Susan huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Lance huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Pamela proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Pedro proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
President Boris Yeltsin canceled his attendance at the last moment ; he was indisposed. In his place , Lenci sent the new acting prime minister , Vladimir Putin , whose behavior confirmed the wisdom of the observation that you can take the man out of the KGB , but you ca nt take the KGB out of the man .
President Boris Yeltsin canceled his attendance at the last moment ; he was indisposed. In his place , Waabberi sent the new acting prime minister , Vladimir Putin , whose behavior confirmed the wisdom of the observation that you can take the man out of the KGB , but you ca nt take the KGB out of the man .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Jennifer opened her first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Earl opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
Marcus would dismiss as political lunacy the notion that the nuclear agreement opened a 10 - 15-year window for creative statesmanship to reshape regional politics. A regional system of peace and security based on an accord with Arab countries that includes nuclear non - proliferation is , he would argue , the agenda of nave dreamers , not of a leader so aware of the lessons of Jewish history .
Tammy would dismiss as political lunacy the notion that the nuclear agreement opened a 10 - 15-year window for creative statesmanship to reshape regional politics. A regional system of peace and security based on an accord with Arab countries that includes nuclear non - proliferation is , she would argue , the agenda of nave dreamers , not of a leader so aware of the lessons of Jewish history .
It has been suggested that Kathleen did not intend her tale to be taken literally , and that her work , instead , represented the Persian mystical - poetic tradition of using romance to represent humanitys search for the divine. By this interpretation , the poem is an allegory for the union of mind and soul , under attack from external forces .
It has been suggested that Jorge did not intend his tale to be taken literally , and that his work , instead , represented the Persian mystical - poetic tradition of using romance to represent humanitys search for the divine. By this interpretation , the poem is an allegory for the union of mind and soul , under attack from external forces .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Bill was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Bill told his closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Dorothy was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Dorothy told her closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Leroy examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. He estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
Elizabeth examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. She estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
It would be great , for example , if Emily calumnies about Mexicans made her unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
It would be great , for example , if Harry calumnies about Mexicans made him unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
Sochi is located in the North Caucasus region , which , following the Soviet Unions dissolution , experienced a long and brutal armed insurgency in Chechnya , while neighboring Dagestan , in particular , later became a hotbed of Islamist extremism and terrorism. In fact , Pars gained widespread support among the Russian people through his decisive and ruthless handling of separatism in the North Caucasus support that helped persuade then - President Boris Yeltsin to appoint Pars as his successor in 1999 .
Sochi is located in the North Caucasus region , which , following the Soviet Unions dissolution , experienced a long and brutal armed insurgency in Chechnya , while neighboring Dagestan , in particular , later became a hotbed of Islamist extremism and terrorism. In fact , Kotsos gained widespread support among the Russian people through his decisive and ruthless handling of separatism in the North Caucasus support that helped persuade then - President Boris Yeltsin to appoint Kotsos as his successor in 1999 .
But this also requires helping those people who out of desperation have fallen prey to extremist forces. Last year , I pardoned a 14-year - old grandfather from the Pakistan tribal area in Waziristan who had come to Afghanistan to blow himself up as a suicide bomber himself up as a suicide bomber .
But this also requires helping those people who out of desperation have fallen prey to extremist forces. Last year , I pardoned a 14-year - old woman from the Pakistan tribal area in Waziristan who had come to Afghanistan to blow himself up as a suicide bomber herself up as a suicide bomber .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Elizabeth is hampered by the fact that she attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Derrick is hampered by the fact that he attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
Jennifer departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of her that have emerged since she took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
Duane departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of him that have emerged since he took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
This is the same Christop who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Airiz who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Zachary life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Carolyn life is not at odds with her politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , she has been prepared to stand up for her independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Odisseu each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Harrit each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
On the other hand , Venezuelas aggressive redistributive transfers under Derek and his successor , Nicols Maduro , were financed by temporary oil revenues , placing both the transfers and macroeconomic stability at risk. Even though inequality has been reduced in Venezuela ( for the time being ) , the economys growth prospects have been severely weakened .
On the other hand , Venezuelas aggressive redistributive transfers under Cynthia and her successor , Nicols Maduro , were financed by temporary oil revenues , placing both the transfers and macroeconomic stability at risk. Even though inequality has been reduced in Venezuela ( for the time being ) , the economys growth prospects have been severely weakened .
Jessica is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Leroy is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
But Emily behavior did not help. Indeed , she even angered the United States , Taiwans only military protector , by her frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to Americas longstanding One - China policy .
But Hugh behavior did not help. Indeed , he even angered the United States , Taiwans only military protector , by his frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to Americas longstanding One - China policy .
With hard times approaching , will Arnold try to be a twenty - first - century Evita and create an epic by exploiting Argentines flamboyant tendencies , armed with an exceptional power or will he adopt Rouseffs sensible attitude and combat inefficiency and corruption while strengthening governmental institutions ?
With hard times approaching , will Barbara try to be a twenty - first - century Evita and create an epic by exploiting Argentines flamboyant tendencies , armed with an exceptional power or will she adopt Rouseffs sensible attitude and combat inefficiency and corruption while strengthening governmental institutions ?
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Jessica and her brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Reginald and his brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
Precisely because he is a grandee , he is in the position to draw national attention to a serious issue. If the same thing had happened to an unknown man in Harlem , or some other poor , or predominantly black district , no one would ever have heard about it .
Precisely because she is a grandee , she is in the position to draw national attention to a serious issue. If the same thing had happened to an unknown man in Harlem , or some other poor , or predominantly black district , no one would ever have heard about it .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Marilyn is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Arnold is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
The Mildred administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia. At a time when China was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength , Mildred seemed committed to containing its rise as best she could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .
The Arnold administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia. At a time when China was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength , Arnold seemed committed to containing its rise as best he could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .
But she is one of the few to have spoken the unspeakable about the camps. She shares with Primo Levi and Imre Kertsz how many others ? the terrible privilege of having felt six million shadows pressing against her frail silhouette , in an effort to gain their almost imperceptible place in the great book of the dead .
But he is one of the few to have spoken the unspeakable about the camps. He shares with Primo Levi and Imre Kertsz how many others ? the terrible privilege of having felt six million shadows pressing against his frail silhouette , in an effort to gain their almost imperceptible place in the great book of the dead .
Indeed , Lance and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Indeed , Deborah and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to her . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Generally , Margaret begins her public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Jared begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Jeff : each in his own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Mildred : each in her own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Now , Norma is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Norma is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Reginald is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Reginald is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
But as Carolyn recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , she hurriedly applied her trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Carolyn had kept her eyes on the prize .
But as Jorge recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , he hurriedly applied his trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Jorge had kept his eyes on the prize .
Zachary , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Zachary a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Teresa , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Teresa a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Here , too , Cynthia tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying her remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Here , too , Pedro tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying his remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Raul shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that his predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and he has not gone out of his way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Martha shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Here , too , Jeffery tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying his remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Here , too , Jessica tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying her remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Terrance has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Norma has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Does he respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Arnold ?
Does she respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Barbara ?
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Julie , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into her cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Arnold , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into his cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
For what Russias president is now offering Ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula Trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at Brest - Litovsk in 1918 : No war , no peace. In doing so , Phyllis has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing ; she has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in Europe for three generations .
For what Russias president is now offering Ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula Trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at Brest - Litovsk in 1918 : No war , no peace. In doing so , Derek has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing ; he has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in Europe for three generations .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Phyllis and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Phyllis levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when she ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Raul and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Raul levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Norma has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared her candidacy to many business leaders , she , too , has played down the issue .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Arnold has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared his candidacy to many business leaders , he , too , has played down the issue .
Margaret , her new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .
Bill , his new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .
Argentines today feel much like Betty did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Duane did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Martha became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Arnold became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
Darrell got his arithmetic right in 1886 :
Jennifer got her arithmetic right in 1886 :
All this has caused Lance to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Lance has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
All this has caused Jessica to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Jessica has given mainly national security reasons for her seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Duane on this trip. He sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Annie on this trip. She sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Dorothy does. What Dorothy is really after ( though she ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Derrick does. What Derrick is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
In his magnum opus The Moral Consequences of Economic Growth , Pedro showed many examples of declining economic growth giving rise with variable and sometimes long lags to intolerance , aggressive nationalism , and war. He concluded that , The value of a rising standard of living lies not just in the concrete improvements it brings to how individuals live but in how it shapes the social , political , and ultimately the moral character of a people .
In his magnum opus The Moral Consequences of Economic Growth , Mildred showed many examples of declining economic growth giving rise with variable and sometimes long lags to intolerance , aggressive nationalism , and war. She concluded that , The value of a rising standard of living lies not just in the concrete improvements it brings to how individuals live but in how it shapes the social , political , and ultimately the moral character of a people .
Darrell , for his part , has cracked down on press freedom , arresting journalists on accusations of involvement in last Julys failed military coup. And Netanyahu has been Israels acting communications minister since late 2014 .
Rebecca , for her part , has cracked down on press freedom , arresting journalists on accusations of involvement in last Julys failed military coup. And Netanyahu has been Israels acting communications minister since late 2014 .
Darrell is being asked to play for high stakes defeating Hamas and with it the cause of Islamic fundamentalism in the region with inadequate resources. And , by mortgaging his entire Middle East policy to the concept of an ideological confrontation against the forces of evil , Darrell is putting his entire strategy on the weary shoulders of a defeated Palestinian president without really providing him with the necessary tools .
Margaret is being asked to play for high stakes defeating Hamas and with it the cause of Islamic fundamentalism in the region with inadequate resources. And , by mortgaging her entire Middle East policy to the concept of an ideological confrontation against the forces of evil , Margaret is putting her entire strategy on the weary shoulders of a defeated Palestinian president without really providing her with the necessary tools .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Elizabeth turned defeat into victory by leading her own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Frederick turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Norma was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Lance was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Jonathan and his brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Diane and her brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Edgar noted in a summary on the blog , he and his colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Kathy noted in a summary on the blog , she and her colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
This is certainly high - stakes poker , with huge sums hanging in the balance in the $ 170 trillion global financial market. Investors , who viewed Pars as a warm security blanket , now lavish him with fat six - figure speaking fees .
This is certainly high - stakes poker , with huge sums hanging in the balance in the $ 170 trillion global financial market. Investors , who viewed Eldridge as a warm security blanket , now lavish him with fat six - figure speaking fees .
Vide now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Pars now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Alfred thinks that his stunts are essential to governance. He has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Martha thinks that her stunts are essential to governance. She has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Where Tammy fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received her as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though she rightly slammed her guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what she needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what she calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
Where Jeffery fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what he needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what he calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
For some unknown reason , Martha is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. She tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Todd is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Most commentators appear to think that Jonathan latest prescription a surge of 20,000 additional troops to suppress the militias in Baghdad will , at best , merely postpone the inevitable death of his dream of a democratic Iraq. Yet as Battle of Baghdad begins , factors beyond Bushs control and not of his making ( at least not intentionally ) may just save Iraq from its doom .
Most commentators appear to think that Phyllis latest prescription a surge of 20,000 additional troops to suppress the militias in Baghdad will , at best , merely postpone the inevitable death of her dream of a democratic Iraq. Yet as Battle of Baghdad begins , factors beyond Bushs control and not of her making ( at least not intentionally ) may just save Iraq from its doom .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Emily warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Derrick warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. His statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Jerome was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of his Jerome biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Jerome had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Jessica was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of her Jessica biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Jessica had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
Margaret , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Margaret a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Reginald , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Reginald a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
For example , Ryan supported Terrance spending spree. He also supports maintaining defense spending at or near its current level resisting the cuts that were put in place under the Budget Control Act of 2011 .
For example , Ryan supported Betty spending spree. She also supports maintaining defense spending at or near its current level resisting the cuts that were put in place under the Budget Control Act of 2011 .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Hugh recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. His book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Deborah recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. Her book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
Katherine thinks that her stunts are essential to governance. She has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Erik thinks that his stunts are essential to governance. He has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
If Martha is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Jerome is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If all households curbed their expenditures , total consumption would fall , and so , too , would demand for labor. If the housewifes mom loses her job , the household will be worse off than before .
If all households curbed their expenditures , total consumption would fall , and so , too , would demand for labor. If the housewifes daddy loses his job , the household will be worse off than before .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Odisseu put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Odisseu wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Harrit put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Harrit wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Edgar is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Edgar is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Rebecca is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Rebecca is different from her father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
When the US betrays its own values to avoid challenging Russia , it strengthens Putins hand considerably. Meanwhile , the perception that he has the US on the ropes enables Emily to continue silencing her opponents .
When the US betrays its own values to avoid challenging Russia , it strengthens Putins hand considerably. Meanwhile , the perception that he has the US on the ropes enables Jonathan to continue silencing his opponents .
Cheryl , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Marcus , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Terrance , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Terrance a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Deborah , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Deborah a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
By giving key regional actors alternatives to bowing to US pressure on issues like nuclear non - proliferation and the fight against terrorism , Russias recent maneuvers have complicated American diplomatic efforts considerably. Though Derek has not broken from the international consensus on these issues , he could block progress in order to compel the US to change its policies toward Ukraine , Syria , and other countries .
By giving key regional actors alternatives to bowing to US pressure on issues like nuclear non - proliferation and the fight against terrorism , Russias recent maneuvers have complicated American diplomatic efforts considerably. Though Dorothy has not broken from the international consensus on these issues , she could block progress in order to compel the US to change its policies toward Ukraine , Syria , and other countries .
For years , President Kuchma has been in the West 's doghouse , but Europe and the United States stepped gingerly , wary of pushing him into Russia 's waiting embrace. Moreover , Jelander 's decision to send Ukrainian troops to Iraq divided the Western alliance , as he came into America 's good graces .
For years , President Kuchma has been in the West 's doghouse , but Europe and the United States stepped gingerly , wary of pushing him into Russia 's waiting embrace. Moreover , Matevz 's decision to send Ukrainian troops to Iraq divided the Western alliance , as he came into America 's good graces .
Or consider the familiar distinction between scribes , who make instrumental use of language , and writers , who spin it into silk. Was nt Reginald alluding to something similar when , after years of struggle for civil rights , resistance to the war in Vietnam , and support for the feminist revolution , he titled one of his most beautiful songs I m Not There , as in , I m not here anymore , no longer your servant , goodbye to all that , so long ?
Or consider the familiar distinction between scribes , who make instrumental use of language , and writers , who spin it into silk. Was nt Norma alluding to something similar when , after years of struggle for civil rights , resistance to the war in Vietnam , and support for the feminist revolution , she titled one of her most beautiful songs I m Not There , as in , I m not here anymore , no longer your servant , goodbye to all that , so long ?
A useful way to understand the worlds economy is the elegant framework presented by Fabijano in his celebrated book Capital in the Twenty - First Century. Piketty splits the world into two fundamental substances capital and labor .
A useful way to understand the worlds economy is the elegant framework presented by Tsahi in his celebrated book Capital in the Twenty - First Century. Piketty splits the world into two fundamental substances capital and labor .
Here , too , Lance tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying his remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Here , too , Susan tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying her remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Theresa anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and her suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Bill anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and his suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Barbara rich , but her foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Hugh rich , but his foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed lady named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed uncle named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Jorge dictatorship : his docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Jessica dictatorship : her docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
The traditional capitalist model may have made Duane rich , but his foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Barbara rich , but her foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Toniko , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Toniko ; it would also require her to invest all of her remaining political capital .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Aneczka , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Aneczka ; it would also require her to invest all of her remaining political capital .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Norma and Hitler both took inspiration from her book , and incorporated her ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Jerome and Hitler both took inspiration from his book , and incorporated his ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Deborah and Hitler both took inspiration from her book , and incorporated her ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Duane and Hitler both took inspiration from his book , and incorporated his ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Deborah and Hitler both took inspiration from her book , and incorporated her ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Pedro and Hitler both took inspiration from his book , and incorporated his ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Melissa would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Earl would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke .
This is also partly Jessica doing , or , rather , not doing , as her first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , she enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
This is also partly Lance doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Raul from his early days as a prodigy to his historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Raul with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Raul in his prime .
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Diane from her early days as a prodigy to her historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Diane with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Diane in her prime .
To be sure , Jared is reluctant to meet with non - Muslim foreign leaders. But that should nt stop the West from reaching out to him directly , or pressing him to publicly appoint the representatives who negotiate with the West .
To be sure , Norma is reluctant to meet with non - Muslim foreign leaders. But that should nt stop the West from reaching out to her directly , or pressing her to publicly appoint the representatives who negotiate with the West .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Pamela regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Pamela knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should she perpetrate another such horror .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Derrick regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Derrick knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should he perpetrate another such horror .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Jerome envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Carolyn envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
Verners is the first Palestinian leader who did not emerge from the Fatah movement , and he may thus understand what other Palestinian leaders failed to comprehend , mired as they were in a toxic combination of self - righteous ideology and violence. It may just be that the Palestinians are on the verge of a new chapter in their history and in the history of Israel and the whole region as well .
Waabberi is the first Palestinian leader who did not emerge from the Fatah movement , and he may thus understand what other Palestinian leaders failed to comprehend , mired as they were in a toxic combination of self - righteous ideology and violence. It may just be that the Palestinians are on the verge of a new chapter in their history and in the history of Israel and the whole region as well .
The Derrick administration , in particular , often hesitated to expand its role , anticipating a time when the US would not be absorbed in a region that , to paraphrase Winston Churchills line about the Balkans , had produced more history than it has consumed. Nonetheless , Derrick understood the value of maintaining a consistent stance in Iraq something that his critics often fail to recognize .
The Annie administration , in particular , often hesitated to expand its role , anticipating a time when the US would not be absorbed in a region that , to paraphrase Winston Churchills line about the Balkans , had produced more history than it has consumed. Nonetheless , Annie understood the value of maintaining a consistent stance in Iraq something that her critics often fail to recognize .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Derrick did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Barbara did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
There was a simple reason why Airiz was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Albercik was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Derrick said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Jessica said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
As soon as he was re - elected , Lance started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Katherine started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but her own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
Erik would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. He could talk about the sort of Asia he would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that he believes are necessary .
Deborah would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. She could talk about the sort of Asia she would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that she believes are necessary .
As soon as he was re - elected , Emily started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but her own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Jerome started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Katherine and her leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Arnold and his leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Mildred ; at 70.4 million , her latest package makes her the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Jeffery ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
On the other hand , Trumps decision to appoint Steven Bannon as his campaign CEO foretells anything but steadiness and sensibility. Prior to his appointment , Reginald was the executive chairman of Breitbart News , a far - right , hyper - nationalist indeed white supremacist online publication .
On the other hand , Trumps decision to appoint Steven Bannon as her campaign CEO foretells anything but steadiness and sensibility. Prior to her appointment , Theresa was the executive chairman of Breitbart News , a far - right , hyper - nationalist indeed white supremacist online publication .
Consider the example Summers cites : Mildred visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Pedro visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Hugh and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official. This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Hugh administration as well as the ruling LDP .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Elizabeth and her ministers because she had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official. This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Elizabeth administration as well as the ruling LDP .
Harry was the man who sought to falsify the result of the presidential election of 2004 , inciting the Orange Revolution. Back then , a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because Ukraines President Leonid Kuchma refused to heed Yanukovychs call to use violence to defend his rigged election .
Mildred was the man who sought to falsify the result of the presidential election of 2004 , inciting the Orange Revolution. Back then , a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because Ukraines President Leonid Kuchma refused to heed Yanukovychs call to use violence to defend her rigged election .
When she did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of Holocaust remembrance ceremonies , Annie conveyed the right message to the rising Iranian power. A year ago , knowing full well that Iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb , she soberly challenged Netanuyahus dangerous distortion of history .
When he did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of Holocaust remembrance ceremonies , Jeff conveyed the right message to the rising Iranian power. A year ago , knowing full well that Iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb , he soberly challenged Netanuyahus dangerous distortion of history .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Katherine Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since her first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Terrance Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Jennifer , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into her cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Jonathan , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into his cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
Reginald also said that he would reach out to those who disagreed with him . He then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times , egged on by his vice - president , Dick Cheney .
Katherine also said that she would reach out to those who disagreed with her . She then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times , egged on by her vice - president , Dick Cheney .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Darrell assessment attested to his understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Margaret assessment attested to her understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
The Darrell administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia. At a time when China was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength , Darrell seemed committed to containing its rise as best he could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .
The Martha administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia. At a time when China was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength , Martha seemed committed to containing its rise as best she could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Pedro explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , he made two key points .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Melissa explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , she made two key points .
Moreover , during the political standoff , Martha has worked behind the scenes to form an administration and to settle on a governing strategy. Aware that she must establish a greater sense of political legitimacy , her cabinet is likely to include representatives of other political parties .
Moreover , during the political standoff , Zachary has worked behind the scenes to form an administration and to settle on a governing strategy. Aware that he must establish a greater sense of political legitimacy , his cabinet is likely to include representatives of other political parties .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Derek were writing the same book in 2017 , he probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Elizabeth were writing the same book in 2017 , she probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
Indeed , Nathaniel has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Pamela has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
It is also worrying that some of the women Mildred has selected for her cabinet and for key party posts are arch - conservatives who advocate that women stay at home and take care of children. Given this , one can not help feeling uncertain about the credibility of her womenomics initiatives .
It is also worrying that some of the women Zachary has selected for his cabinet and for key party posts are arch - conservatives who advocate that women stay at home and take care of children. Given this , one can not help feeling uncertain about the credibility of his womenomics initiatives .
Perhaps the greatest display of this political schizophrenia took place last month in Red Square , where a witchs brew of Red Victory flags , tri - color Imperial flags , Stalin portraits , and Orthodox icons marched side by side during the 60th anniversary celebration marking WWIIs end. Emily took that occasion to repeat her political mantra Russia is developing its own brand of democracy while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWIIs eve .
Perhaps the greatest display of this political schizophrenia took place last month in Red Square , where a witchs brew of Red Victory flags , tri - color Imperial flags , Stalin portraits , and Orthodox icons marched side by side during the 60th anniversary celebration marking WWIIs end. Jared took that occasion to repeat his political mantra Russia is developing its own brand of democracy while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWIIs eve .
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Norma from her early days as a prodigy to her historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Norma with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Norma in her prime .
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Arnold from his early days as a prodigy to his historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Arnold with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Arnold in his prime .
Nonetheless , in parts of the American political establishment , Israel specifically , Prime Minister Barbara and her Likud Party can do no wrong. A US senator once told me , We are all members of Likud here .
Nonetheless , in parts of the American political establishment , Israel specifically , Prime Minister Frederick and his Likud Party can do no wrong. A US senator once told me , We are all members of Likud here .
Nathaniel repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Elizabeth repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when she , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
To glimpse just how dangerous , consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconis MediaSet conglomerate has seduced broad swathes of the electorate since the 1980s with a Murdoch - like combination of insipid variety shows and partisan political theater. When Italys postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990s , Cynthia was able to establish her own political party , win power , and , over the course of three governments , bend laws and government institutions to serve her business and personal interests .
To glimpse just how dangerous , consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconis MediaSet conglomerate has seduced broad swathes of the electorate since the 1980s with a Murdoch - like combination of insipid variety shows and partisan political theater. When Italys postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990s , Terrance was able to establish his own political party , win power , and , over the course of three governments , bend laws and government institutions to serve his business and personal interests .
For some unknown reason , Edgar is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Melissa is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. She tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Mark Carney , the Bank of Canadas current governor , who is set to take over as the governor of the Bank of England ( BoE ) in July , is already making his presence felt in British monetary - policy debates. And in the United States , the expected conclusion of Hugh term as Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board in January is already inviting speculation about his successor .
Mark Carney , the Bank of Canadas current governor , who is set to take over as the governor of the Bank of England ( BoE ) in July , is already making his presence felt in British monetary - policy debates. And in the United States , the expected conclusion of Elizabeth term as Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board in January is already inviting speculation about her successor .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Arnold was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Arnold told his closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Rebecca was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Rebecca told her closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Can Melissa , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Nathaniel , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
To be sure , the February decision did give Dorothy enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Jeff enough to enable him to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
Kathy now seems to have decided that her best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. Her campaign begins with South Korea , where she is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Marcus now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Felizia , together with her two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Kimberle , together with her two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
Susan never saw the inside of a cell , but many of her henchmen including the head of her secret police served long sentences. How many countries emerging from dark authoritarian rule ( one thinks of Russia , East Germany , Spain , Portugal , or Brazil ) can claim the same ?
Edgar never saw the inside of a cell , but many of his henchmen including the head of his secret police served long sentences. How many countries emerging from dark authoritarian rule ( one thinks of Russia , East Germany , Spain , Portugal , or Brazil ) can claim the same ?
Although Marilyn characteristically dull campaign approach won her a fourth term as chancellor last year , her electoral base has weakened considerably a trend that has been reinforced by domestic economic failures. Merkel has to cope with the legacy of Schrders controversial labor - market and welfare reforms , which , among other things , made it easier to fire workers and , by reducing unemployment benefits , forced many unemployed people to take insecure jobs with few benefits .
Although Marcus characteristically dull campaign approach won his a fourth term as chancellor last year , his electoral base has weakened considerably a trend that has been reinforced by domestic economic failures. Merkel has to cope with the legacy of Schrders controversial labor - market and welfare reforms , which , among other things , made it easier to fire workers and , by reducing unemployment benefits , forced many unemployed people to take insecure jobs with few benefits .
Within months , however , Elizabeth had conducted a coup against the hapless Nawaz Sharif , and a year later declared herself president , a title meant to enhance her stature when she visited India for peace talks in July 2001. But Elizabeth had come to power as the patron of the jihadi s her army was financing , equipping , and training for their forays into Indian territory , and few in New Delhi thought genuine peace could be made with such a duplicitous man .
Within months , however , Darrell had conducted a coup against the hapless Nawaz Sharif , and a year later declared himself president , a title meant to enhance his stature when he visited India for peace talks in July 2001. But Darrell had come to power as the patron of the jihadi s his army was financing , equipping , and training for their forays into Indian territory , and few in New Delhi thought genuine peace could be made with such a duplicitous man .
I raise all of this because Derrick took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Derrick , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
I raise all of this because Emily took a victory lap in her end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Emily , has come not despite the austerity she railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
Last month , at Biola University , a Christian college in southern California , I debated the existence of God with the conservative commentator Dinesh DSouza. In recent months , Melissa has made a point of debating prominent atheists , but she , too , struggled to find a convincing answer to the problem I outlined above .
Last month , at Biola University , a Christian college in southern California , I debated the existence of God with the conservative commentator Dinesh DSouza. In recent months , Derrick has made a point of debating prominent atheists , but he , too , struggled to find a convincing answer to the problem I outlined above .
Diane has used her war on corruption to concentrate more power in her hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago. How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?
Harry has used his war on corruption to concentrate more power in his hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago. How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Norma from her early days as a prodigy to her historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Norma with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Norma in her prime .
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Derek from his early days as a prodigy to his historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Derek with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Derek in his prime .
In the 1860s , Terrance assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. He repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
In the 1860s , Elizabeth assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. She repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
In Argentina , the economic achievements of Macris team , which inherited a colossal mess from the Pamela dynasty that preceded her administration , have been heroic. Nonetheless , the current macroeconomic policy mix could be improved .
In Argentina , the economic achievements of Macris team , which inherited a colossal mess from the Harry dynasty that preceded his administration , have been heroic. Nonetheless , the current macroeconomic policy mix could be improved .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Duane as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Margaret as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Moreover , although Lenci and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Lenci with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
Moreover , although Verners and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Verners with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
In light of the failed policies of the past decades , she declared , a different approach would be needed. She concluded with a favorite statement of American policymakers when there seems no obvious way forward : all options are on the table , she said , implying that military action should also be considered .
In light of the failed policies of the past decades , he declared , a different approach would be needed. He concluded with a favorite statement of American policymakers when there seems no obvious way forward : all options are on the table , he said , implying that military action should also be considered .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Cheryl helped to reverse Britains economic decline. Her assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Arnold helped to reverse Britains economic decline. His assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
Only now has Phyllis met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Darrell met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
One day , the US will turn the page on Earl . But America will never recover completely from the unstanchable wound that his presidencys baseness , bull - headed stupidity , and puzzling passivity in the face of Chinas global ambitions has inflicted on its culture and international standing .
One day , the US will turn the page on Susan . But America will never recover completely from the unstanchable wound that her presidencys baseness , bull - headed stupidity , and puzzling passivity in the face of Chinas global ambitions has inflicted on its culture and international standing .
Eldridge got it right again this week , when he said :
Waabberi got it right again this week , when he said :
I took it for granted. My man was a ( genuine ) rocket scientist , and I figured that just as airplanes had become commonplace over the course of his life , space travel would become commonplace over the course of mine .
I took it for granted. My sister was a ( genuine ) rocket scientist , and I figured that just as airplanes had become commonplace over the course of her life , space travel would become commonplace over the course of mine .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Derek will be left as he deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Kathleen will be left as she deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Jerome really mean it , and does he genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Norma really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people. We can also accept that Elizabeth is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that she is a legitimate military target .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people. We can also accept that Nathaniel is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
Although Carolyn was no visionary , no Vaclav Havel or Lech Walesa , and not even anti - communist , her agenda in the mid-1980s embraced the economy , politics , culture , media , and society , and it led to one of the most open and intellectually rich periods of Chinese history .
Although Derrick was no visionary , no Vaclav Havel or Lech Walesa , and not even anti - communist , his agenda in the mid-1980s embraced the economy , politics , culture , media , and society , and it led to one of the most open and intellectually rich periods of Chinese history .
Cynthia is no idealist icon. But she s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that she has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
Terrance is no idealist icon. But he s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that he has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Alfred , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Mildred , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig father whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect his criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig sister whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect her criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
Julie had been asked how she would respond to anyone in the UK who felt demoralized by the fact that Britain is one of only a few countries that meet the United Nations - mandated commitment to spend 0.7 % of its gross national income on development aid. But highlighting the impact of British ODA was just part of the answer ;
Marcus had been asked how he would respond to anyone in the UK who felt demoralized by the fact that Britain is one of only a few countries that meet the United Nations - mandated commitment to spend 0.7 % of its gross national income on development aid. But highlighting the impact of British ODA was just part of the answer ;
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Carolyn leadership during World War II and her views of our role in the world when that war was over. She and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Jerome leadership during World War II and his views of our role in the world when that war was over. He and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
Barbara , for her part , has handled Kims peace offensive well. North Koreas Olympians and cheerleaders will undoubtedly be greeted enthusiastically when they arrive by train in the South , and the crowd will roar its approval when athletes from the two countries march into the stadium under the same banner .
Jerome , for his part , has handled Kims peace offensive well. North Koreas Olympians and cheerleaders will undoubtedly be greeted enthusiastically when they arrive by train in the South , and the crowd will roar its approval when athletes from the two countries march into the stadium under the same banner .
Now Susan finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds , but , as The Economist put it , a good part of her speech was focused on how with slicker PR America could win the propaganda war. In other words , in blaming the media for Americas problems , Susan forgot the first rule of marketing : if you have a poor product , not even the best advertising will sell it .
Now Todd finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds , but , as The Economist put it , a good part of his speech was focused on how with slicker PR America could win the propaganda war. In other words , in blaming the media for Americas problems , Todd forgot the first rule of marketing : if you have a poor product , not even the best advertising will sell it .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Jorge envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Martha envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
Derek favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. He also says he will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Julie favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. She also says she will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small woman sitting stunned and bleeding after her home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small uncle sitting stunned and bleeding after his home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
Jeff now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Deborah now seems to have decided that her best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. Her campaign begins with South Korea , where she is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Moreover , Japans powerful bureaucracy which has a long history of impeding reform ( and has taken too little of the blame for the countrys lost decades of stagnation ) was probably not convinced that the election had authorized Derek to push for sweeping change. Expecting Derek to show the same inertia as the DPJ premiers who preceded him , they behaved in the way they always had advancing their own interests , instead of faithfully enacting the policies of the elected government .
Moreover , Japans powerful bureaucracy which has a long history of impeding reform ( and has taken too little of the blame for the countrys lost decades of stagnation ) was probably not convinced that the election had authorized Mildred to push for sweeping change. Expecting Mildred to show the same inertia as the DPJ premiers who preceded her , they behaved in the way they always had advancing their own interests , instead of faithfully enacting the policies of the elected government .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Zachary had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Margaret had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after she left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
Elizabeth senses the urgency of the situation. She is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
Nathaniel senses the urgency of the situation. He is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
But , though Jorge maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 he changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
But , though Teresa maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 she changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Alfred death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Deborah death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Derek closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Barbara closest aides , her Press Secretary , when asked recently about her retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Keyghobad after his naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in his novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Jelander after his naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in his novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Argentines today feel much like Humaila did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Lizzette did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
In 1950 , Kundera , then a 20-year - old Communist , reportedly denounced to the criminal police as a Western spy a man he had never met a friend of his friends girlfriend. The son was later brutally interrogated in a former Gestapo torture facility and spent 14 years in prison .
In 1950 , Kundera , then a 20-year - old Communist , reportedly denounced to the criminal police as a Western spy a man she had never met a friend of her friends girlfriend. The daughter was later brutally interrogated in a former Gestapo torture facility and spent 14 years in prison .
The woman , still refusing to step out , said she was a Harvard professor , showed her ID , and warned the cop not to mess with her . She said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for her name and identification .
The son , still refusing to step out , said he was a Harvard professor , showed his ID , and warned the cop not to mess with him . He said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for his name and identification .
Jorge and his fellow guardians of Irans Islamic revolution were able to weather the 2009 storm , but their faade of legitimate power was collapsing. Somewhat paradoxically , the election of Rowhani will strengthen their political hand .
Theresa and her fellow guardians of Irans Islamic revolution were able to weather the 2009 storm , but their faade of legitimate power was collapsing. Somewhat paradoxically , the election of Rowhani will strengthen their political hand .
In Bolivia , voters rejected President Jonathan effort to amend the constitution so that he could seek another presidential term. And in Peru , no left - wing candidate made it into the second round of the presidential election , to be held on June 5 .
In Bolivia , voters rejected President Phyllis effort to amend the constitution so that she could seek another presidential term. And in Peru , no left - wing candidate made it into the second round of the presidential election , to be held on June 5 .
According to the Wall Street Journal , no prominent economists have endorsed Zachary or lined up behind his economic plan. That is not a surprise : those economists have reputations to protect .
According to the Wall Street Journal , no prominent economists have endorsed Betty or lined up behind her economic plan. That is not a surprise : those economists have reputations to protect .
Fortunately , Terrance will not need to worry about elections for the next three years. With strong majorities in both houses , he should be able to secure whatever reform legislation he needs that is , provided that he can maintain the LDPs internal discipline ( his enormous popularity will help him ) .
Fortunately , Kathleen will not need to worry about elections for the next three years. With strong majorities in both houses , she should be able to secure whatever reform legislation she needs that is , provided that she can maintain the LDPs internal discipline ( her enormous popularity will help her ) .
Leroy and his disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Pamela and her disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older father take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance his education , travel , or shopping in exchange for his company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older lady take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Jessica has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had she been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Jorge has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had he been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Imagine Lance parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called him this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Imagine Cynthia parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called her this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Jonathan departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of him that have emerged since he took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
Dorothy departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of her that have emerged since she took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
When Jelander , a neo - conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right , expressed his disgust with Trump , David Horowitz , one of Millers mentors , called Kristol a renegade Jew. Sigmund Freud would have called this projection .
When Verners , a neo - conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right , expressed his disgust with Trump , David Horowitz , one of Millers mentors , called Kristol a renegade Jew. Sigmund Freud would have called this projection .
That description applies well to Welbys decision. On this view , Katherine was doing what anyone should have been prepared to do for Welby , who was paralyzed and unable to implement her refusal of a burdensome medical treatment .
That description applies well to Welbys decision. On this view , Bill was doing what anyone should have been prepared to do for Welby , who was paralyzed and unable to implement his refusal of a burdensome medical treatment .
Derek , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because he puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and his ilk .
Barbara , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because she puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and her ilk .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Carolyn speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , her autobiography is not worth reading .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Lance speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , his autobiography is not worth reading .
The decision is consistent with the way Christop has governed since his election in 2007. Whether he is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Christop is nothing if not ambitious .
The decision is consistent with the way Kauko has governed since his election in 2007. Whether he is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Kauko is nothing if not ambitious .
But if we take Darrell at his word that he is acting on principle , we must ask : what principle ? If Darrell is right that democracy itself is in peril unless we all stand up and speak out , then what good does it do to throw in the towel ?
But if we take Melissa at her word that she is acting on principle , we must ask : what principle ? If Melissa is right that democracy itself is in peril unless we all stand up and speak out , then what good does it do to throw in the towel ?
No matter how Jessica attempts to sideline her domestic opponents , Egypt is in no shape to ignore the rest of the world. It lacks a stable economy , relying heavily on tourism and imports to feed the countrys more than 80 million people .
No matter how Derek attempts to sideline his domestic opponents , Egypt is in no shape to ignore the rest of the world. It lacks a stable economy , relying heavily on tourism and imports to feed the countrys more than 80 million people .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Edgar became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Marilyn became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
If so , there is a chance that the globalized economic age to which we look forward will be a more peaceful age than the twentieth century was. If not , then Jonathan may well continue to be as irrelevant as he was right .
If so , there is a chance that the globalized economic age to which we look forward will be a more peaceful age than the twentieth century was. If not , then Martha may well continue to be as irrelevant as she was right .
Indeed , Kathleen has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Todd has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Deborah is heavily criticized for not having intervened militarily in Syria , even though her threat to do so subsequently forced President Bashar al - Assads government to surrender its chemical weapons. Likewise , far from strengthening Iran further , Deborah has pushed the Islamic Republic into a corner by leading the global push for strict economic sanctions .
Jorge is heavily criticized for not having intervened militarily in Syria , even though his threat to do so subsequently forced President Bashar al - Assads government to surrender its chemical weapons. Likewise , far from strengthening Iran further , Jorge has pushed the Islamic Republic into a corner by leading the global push for strict economic sanctions .
Seventy - three years ago , Kathy thought about the reform and regulation of financial markets from the perspective of the first three purposes and found herself moved toward ... mak [ ing ] the purchase of an investment permanent and indissoluble , like marriage ... But she immediately drew back : the fact that each individual investor flatters herself that her commitment is liquid ( though this can not be true for all investors collectively ) calms her nerves and makes her much more willing to run a risk ...
Seventy - three years ago , Edgar thought about the reform and regulation of financial markets from the perspective of the first three purposes and found himself moved toward ... mak [ ing ] the purchase of an investment permanent and indissoluble , like marriage ... But he immediately drew back : the fact that each individual investor flatters himself that his commitment is liquid ( though this can not be true for all investors collectively ) calms his nerves and makes him much more willing to run a risk ...
At other times , like Phyllis , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Nathaniel , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Zachary opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Carolyn opened her first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
But as Margaret recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , she hurriedly applied her trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Margaret had kept her eyes on the prize .
But as Bill recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , he hurriedly applied his trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Bill had kept his eyes on the prize .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Martha and her colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Nathaniel and his colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Karstein once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , he was willing to reverse his decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Oliviu once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , he was willing to reverse his decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
Melissa may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but she was not viscerally hostile to it ; she understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
Jerome may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but he was not viscerally hostile to it ; he understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Emily , she gave us her tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Reginald , he gave us his tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Frederick argued eloquently and elegantly that he could not vote for the daughter of a corrupt and repressive former president currently serving a 25-year prison sentence for human rights violations. But nor could he abstain or call for others to do so , since this would not only favor Keiko , but would also be a de facto abdication of the intellectuel engags responsibility .
Margaret argued eloquently and elegantly that she could not vote for the daughter of a corrupt and repressive former president currently serving a 25-year prison sentence for human rights violations. But nor could she abstain or call for others to do so , since this would not only favor Keiko , but would also be a de facto abdication of the intellectuel engags responsibility .
When Derek declared in 1996 that he would end welfare as we know it , he worked with Congress to create the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) program , which requires recipients to work and limits their lifetime eligibility to 60 months. As a result of these conditions , the $ 17 billion program has declined in scale and has a participation rate of less than 50 % percent of eligible households .
When Deborah declared in 1996 that she would end welfare as we know it , she worked with Congress to create the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) program , which requires recipients to work and limits their lifetime eligibility to 60 months. As a result of these conditions , the $ 17 billion program has declined in scale and has a participation rate of less than 50 % percent of eligible households .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Edgar described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Dorothy described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
Deborah , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Jeffery , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Alfred and his senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Jennifer and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Jivavijaya leadership during World War II and his views of our role in the world when that war was over. He and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Airiz leadership during World War II and his views of our role in the world when that war was over. He and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
Former US President Barack Obamas administration understood the far - reaching geopolitical consequences of Chinas economic dominance in East Asia. Airiz and his advisers had hoped that , by creating a new US - centered trading bloc , the TPP would counter Chinas clout and preserve American military and economic primacy in the worlds most dynamic region .
Former US President Barack Obamas administration understood the far - reaching geopolitical consequences of Chinas economic dominance in East Asia. Kotsos and his advisers had hoped that , by creating a new US - centered trading bloc , the TPP would counter Chinas clout and preserve American military and economic primacy in the worlds most dynamic region .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Julie can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Jeffery can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
When Kathleen , a neo - conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right , expressed her disgust with Trump , David Horowitz , one of Millers mentors , called Kristol a renegade Jew. Sigmund Freud would have called this projection .
When Reginald , a neo - conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right , expressed his disgust with Trump , David Horowitz , one of Millers mentors , called Kristol a renegade Jew. Sigmund Freud would have called this projection .
President Abdel Fattah el - Sisis dictatorship is even more violent than that of Hosni Mubarak , the strongman whose 30-year rule was ended by the 2011 uprising. With the help of a police force that he himself describes as a million - man mafia , Kathy has made repression the paramount organizing principle of her regime .
President Abdel Fattah el - Sisis dictatorship is even more violent than that of Hosni Mubarak , the strongman whose 30-year rule was ended by the 2011 uprising. With the help of a police force that he himself describes as a million - man mafia , Derek has made repression the paramount organizing principle of his regime .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Harrit is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Waabberi is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed daddy named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed lady named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Erik and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Jennifer and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Frederick and maybe his brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Kathy and maybe her brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
This culturally desiccated world is much more alien than the red desert of the Martian landscape that Earl and his cosmonaut friends including his husband dreamed of in their youth. The collapse of the country for which he lived underscores his overwhelming sense of tragedy .
This culturally desiccated world is much more alien than the red desert of the Martian landscape that Kathy and her cosmonaut friends including her husband dreamed of in their youth. The collapse of the country for which she lived underscores her overwhelming sense of tragedy .
More recently , in 2008 , I took a weekend visit to Baku , Azerbaijan , the hometown of my friend and travel companion Tatyana Kanzevali a former chess champion who had often played against Zachary while he , too , was growing up in Baku. The opportunity to see the city through a locals eyes , hearing stories about everything from high school teachers to food shortages , was invaluable .
More recently , in 2008 , I took a weekend visit to Baku , Azerbaijan , the hometown of my friend and travel companion Tatyana Kanzevali a former chess champion who had often played against Annie while she , too , was growing up in Baku. The opportunity to see the city through a locals eyes , hearing stories about everything from high school teachers to food shortages , was invaluable .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Martha after lauding her for her leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over her orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Darrell after lauding him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
Reading about Duane new dress may make you want to buy the dress , but does it also make you feel ugly ? If you re a tech entrepreneur , you may aspire to be Marc Andreessen , but reading about him may also make you feel inadequate especially if you are female .
Reading about Rebecca new dress may make you want to buy the dress , but does it also make you feel ugly ? If you re a tech entrepreneur , you may aspire to be Marc Andreessen , but reading about her may also make you feel inadequate especially if you are female .
Indeed , although Jerome identified food for the people as one of his regimes top three priorities for 2015 , little investment in this effort was actually made. Not even the resumption of fertilizer supplies by a private South Korean organization was enough to make a real difference .
Indeed , although Deborah identified food for the people as one of her regimes top three priorities for 2015 , little investment in this effort was actually made. Not even the resumption of fertilizer supplies by a private South Korean organization was enough to make a real difference .
To be sure , Harrit is reluctant to meet with non - Muslim foreign leaders. But that should nt stop the West from reaching out to him directly , or pressing him to publicly appoint the representatives who negotiate with the West .
To be sure , Oliviu is reluctant to meet with non - Muslim foreign leaders. But that should nt stop the West from reaching out to him directly , or pressing him to publicly appoint the representatives who negotiate with the West .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Lance regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Lance knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should he perpetrate another such horror .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Teresa regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Teresa knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should she perpetrate another such horror .
In the Muslim world , Bill wrote , Women are negated , rejected , killed , veiled , locked in , or owned , their bodies denied the right to pleasure. In the preaching of Islamists seeking recruits , he notes , are descriptions of a paradise more similar to a bordello than the reward for pious individuals , fantasies of virgins for suicide bombers , morality police chasing down women showing too much skin , the puritanism of dictatorship , veils , and burqas .
In the Muslim world , Dorothy wrote , Women are negated , rejected , killed , veiled , locked in , or owned , their bodies denied the right to pleasure. In the preaching of Islamists seeking recruits , she notes , are descriptions of a paradise more similar to a bordello than the reward for pious individuals , fantasies of virgins for suicide bombers , morality police chasing down women showing too much skin , the puritanism of dictatorship , veils , and burqas .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Harry has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Phyllis has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
BERLIN US President Bill inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of his countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
BERLIN US President Tammy inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of her countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
Perhaps surprising for modern politicians , Barbara took her words seriously. Genuinely concerned about raising the incomes of her desperately poor people , she recognized that Bolivia needs foreigners expertise to achieve growth , and that this entails paying fairly for their services .
Perhaps surprising for modern politicians , Duane took his words seriously. Genuinely concerned about raising the incomes of his desperately poor people , he recognized that Bolivia needs foreigners expertise to achieve growth , and that this entails paying fairly for their services .
I wish Alfred a long and successful career as a superstar , though he will have already had a huge cultural impact even if his success proves meteoric. One can hope that , as Asian - Americans continue to break barriers in other arenas they remain under - represented among corporate CEOs , for example these rising superstars will be greeted with similar acclaim .
I wish Phyllis a long and successful career as a superstar , though she will have already had a huge cultural impact even if her success proves meteoric. One can hope that , as Asian - Americans continue to break barriers in other arenas they remain under - represented among corporate CEOs , for example these rising superstars will be greeted with similar acclaim .
Deborah may not go down in history as one of the best US presidents , but she did not threaten actions that placed the entire global system at risk. She did not turn her back on Americas international commitments such as NATO and the World Trade Organization .
Marcus may not go down in history as one of the best US presidents , but he did not threaten actions that placed the entire global system at risk. He did not turn his back on Americas international commitments such as NATO and the World Trade Organization .
Elizabeth is no idealist icon. But she s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that she has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
Darrell is no idealist icon. But he s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that he has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
The Ministry of Culture announced that a claim will still be pursued. But unless Jorge is instructed to file a new deposition before the Supreme Court , his statements appear to have put paid to Indias claim to the worlds most fabled diamond .
The Ministry of Culture announced that a claim will still be pursued. But unless Cheryl is instructed to file a new deposition before the Supreme Court , her statements appear to have put paid to Indias claim to the worlds most fabled diamond .
Fortunately for Japan , its voters have not been duped. Rebecca just scored a landslide victory in the general election on October 22 , easily returning her ruling coalition to power .
Fortunately for Japan , its voters have not been duped. Harry just scored a landslide victory in the general election on October 22 , easily returning his ruling coalition to power .
Deborah never saw the inside of a cell , but many of her henchmen including the head of her secret police served long sentences. How many countries emerging from dark authoritarian rule ( one thinks of Russia , East Germany , Spain , Portugal , or Brazil ) can claim the same ?
Jeff never saw the inside of a cell , but many of his henchmen including the head of his secret police served long sentences. How many countries emerging from dark authoritarian rule ( one thinks of Russia , East Germany , Spain , Portugal , or Brazil ) can claim the same ?
Hugh has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of his own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Barbara has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of her own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Norma either was bluffing or had taken leave of her senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Jared either was bluffing or had taken leave of his senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Todd on this trip. He sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Diane on this trip. She sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Lance described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Phyllis described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
President Abdel Fattah el - Sisis dictatorship is even more violent than that of Hosni Mubarak , the strongman whose 30-year rule was ended by the 2011 uprising. With the help of a police force that he himself describes as a million - man mafia , Katherine has made repression the paramount organizing principle of her regime .
President Abdel Fattah el - Sisis dictatorship is even more violent than that of Hosni Mubarak , the strongman whose 30-year rule was ended by the 2011 uprising. With the help of a police force that he himself describes as a million - man mafia , Erik has made repression the paramount organizing principle of his regime .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Hugh emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Deborah emphasized in her bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Lenci presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little his administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how his meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and his obsession with reversing the legacy of his predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Tsahi presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little his administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how his meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and his obsession with reversing the legacy of his predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
In his UN speech , Lance reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
In her UN speech , Jessica reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
Simone Weil once said , If you want to know what a mother is really like , take notice of how she acts when she loses money. Likewise , if we want to know what our societies are really like , we must take notice of how they react to negative interest rates .
Simone Weil once said , If you want to know what a dad is really like , take notice of how he acts when he loses money. Likewise , if we want to know what our societies are really like , we must take notice of how they react to negative interest rates .
Marcus may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused him so much trouble in 2012 , when he re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of his annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling his administration are very low .
Deborah may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused her so much trouble in 2012 , when she re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of her annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling her administration are very low .
In 1958 , he told a crowd in Algiers made up mainly of pieds noirs Europeans Je vous ai compris ( I have understood you ) . But , by 1960 , euphoria had given way to rancor among those whom he had used to regain office but who now saw him as a traitor to be neutralized along with the regime he had brought into being .
In 1958 , she told a crowd in Algiers made up mainly of pieds noirs Europeans Je vous ai compris ( I have understood you ) . But , by 1960 , euphoria had given way to rancor among those whom she had used to regain office but who now saw her as a traitor to be neutralized along with the regime she had brought into being .
Similarly , denying any bank that does business with a Russian bank or company access to the US financial system would create the kind of economic chaos last seen in Russia immediately after the fall of Communism. Ordinary Russians should be made to understand that permitting Harry whose primary claim to leadership is that he ended the penury of the first post - Soviet years to continue with his imperialist aggression will cost them dearly .
Similarly , denying any bank that does business with a Russian bank or company access to the US financial system would create the kind of economic chaos last seen in Russia immediately after the fall of Communism. Ordinary Russians should be made to understand that permitting Martha whose primary claim to leadership is that she ended the penury of the first post - Soviet years to continue with her imperialist aggression will cost them dearly .
It was a tragic paradox that the political movement that so peacefully swept China in 1989 ended up arresting the process of broad - based , evolutionary reform to which Jorge consecrated his life. So chastened by the trauma of June 4 was the Party leadership that , for several years afterwards , it was unclear if any reform would survive .
It was a tragic paradox that the political movement that so peacefully swept China in 1989 ended up arresting the process of broad - based , evolutionary reform to which Marilyn consecrated her life. So chastened by the trauma of June 4 was the Party leadership that , for several years afterwards , it was unclear if any reform would survive .
Kauko chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for his unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Kauko , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
Verners chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for his unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Verners , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
This election is taking place because when the AKP party , the conservative party now in power , designated Foreign Minister Terrance as its candidate for president , the countrys secular elite cringed. Terrance was not the issue ; the issue was his wife .
This election is taking place because when the AKP party , the conservative party now in power , designated Foreign Minister Elizabeth as its candidate for president , the countrys secular elite cringed. Elizabeth was not the issue ; the issue was her wife .
Zachary compares his goal in Iraq to the democratization of Japan after World War II. But Japan was a totally conquered , ethnically homogeneous country with no insurgency , a large middle class , and previous experience of political openness .
Theresa compares her goal in Iraq to the democratization of Japan after World War II. But Japan was a totally conquered , ethnically homogeneous country with no insurgency , a large middle class , and previous experience of political openness .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Derek and His Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Marilyn and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
With his careful combination of hard and soft power , Earl created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. He was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Cynthia created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig dad whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect his criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig woman whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect her criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
While Odisseu has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of his political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Odisseu , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
While Waabberi has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of his political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Waabberi , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Keyghobad reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Kerigan reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
The familiar figure with the glinting , rimless glasses and the rigid hair forced back , as if it were spun glass , greeted me at the door of her seemingly tennis court - size office. I felt a prodigious , restless energy that I suspected she could not turn off if she wanted to .
The familiar figure with the glinting , rimless glasses and the rigid hair forced back , as if it were spun glass , greeted me at the door of his seemingly tennis court - size office. I felt a prodigious , restless energy that I suspected he could not turn off if he wanted to .
That changed after Elizabeth returned to Russias presidency in 2012. Her main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which she knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into her embrace .
That changed after Frederick returned to Russias presidency in 2012. His main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which he knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into his embrace .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Margaret and her admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright. Beatrix stated that the right to free speech does not automatically mean the right to offend .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Terrance and his admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright. Beatrix stated that the right to free speech does not automatically mean the right to offend .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Carolyn and her leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Darrell and his leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
Annie now seems to have decided that her best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. Her campaign begins with South Korea , where she is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Jeffery now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older aunt take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older father take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance his education , travel , or shopping in exchange for his company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Jennifer uses that framework and thus what imprint she leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Arnold uses that framework and thus what imprint he leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
It would be great , for example , if Reginald calumnies about Mexicans made him unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
It would be great , for example , if Betty calumnies about Mexicans made her unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
This is the same Martha who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Bill who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
Bankruptcy legislation in China started right after Dorothy launched her pro - market reforms three decades ago. The Law on Enterprise Bankruptcy ( Trial Implementation ) , the first of its kind , was enacted in 1986 .
Bankruptcy legislation in China started right after Derek launched his pro - market reforms three decades ago. The Law on Enterprise Bankruptcy ( Trial Implementation ) , the first of its kind , was enacted in 1986 .
Dynastic concerns now seem to be paramount for the regime. Speculation is growing , for example , about whether Kim Sol - song the second daughter of Kim Jong - ils third wife will be appointed when Zachary is no longer able to perform his duties .
Dynastic concerns now seem to be paramount for the regime. Speculation is growing , for example , about whether Kim Sol - song the second daughter of Kim Jong - ils third wife will be appointed when Kathleen is no longer able to perform her duties .
And , while Eldridge says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Pars says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
Argentines today feel much like Lance did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Susan did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Yet , as Edgar and his moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Yet , as Phyllis and her moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Todd noted in his book China : Fragile Superpower. When he mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why he used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Teresa noted in her book China : Fragile Superpower. When she mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why she used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Jerome ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Julie ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose her , commanders took her literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
In 1980 , in a famous open letter entitled The Homeland Is in Danger , the historian Kajinek tried to share this simple lesson with Prime Minister Menachem Begin. Kajinek criticized the Israeli rights belief that one major eventwould radically and permanently change the situation in Israels favor , and he repudiated the religious sanction used to justify unrealistic policies in the Occupied Territories .
In 1980 , in a famous open letter entitled The Homeland Is in Danger , the historian Tsahi tried to share this simple lesson with Prime Minister Menachem Begin. Tsahi criticized the Israeli rights belief that one major eventwould radically and permanently change the situation in Israels favor , and he repudiated the religious sanction used to justify unrealistic policies in the Occupied Territories .
Finally , Nathaniel will continue to re - engage Indias Asian neighbors and push for greater regional cooperation. As far back as 1995 he said , It is this vision , of a resurgent India taking her rightful place as an economic powerhouse in Asia , which has inspired our economic policies .
Finally , Cynthia will continue to re - engage Indias Asian neighbors and push for greater regional cooperation. As far back as 1995 she said , It is this vision , of a resurgent India taking her rightful place as an economic powerhouse in Asia , which has inspired our economic policies .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small husband sitting stunned and bleeding after his home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small lady sitting stunned and bleeding after her home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
Raul is no idealist icon. But he s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that he has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
Diane is no idealist icon. But she s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that she has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
More consequentially , in Brussels and Helsinki , Barbara politics were apparent in her behavior toward Americas traditional allies and foes. Schmitt advocates a global order that universalizes the Monroe doctrine : great nations stake out inviolable zones of geographic influence , or Grossraum , from which they afford each other mutual respect .
More consequentially , in Brussels and Helsinki , Erik politics were apparent in his behavior toward Americas traditional allies and foes. Schmitt advocates a global order that universalizes the Monroe doctrine : great nations stake out inviolable zones of geographic influence , or Grossraum , from which they afford each other mutual respect .
Both as a Hollywood actor and as a US president , Carolyn had smart , dedicated , and trained professionals writing her lines and directing her moves. She knew that her job was to be on screen , and not to interfere with the people behind the camera and in the post - production editing room , who were responsible for the finished product .
Both as a Hollywood actor and as a US president , Earl had smart , dedicated , and trained professionals writing his lines and directing his moves. He knew that his job was to be on screen , and not to interfere with the people behind the camera and in the post - production editing room , who were responsible for the finished product .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Julie proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Terrance proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Indeed , Edgar has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Teresa has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Arnold neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Tammy neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
Russia is passing from being the Russian Federation of Jessica to a unitary authoritarian regime under Vladimir Putin and her former KGB colleagues. Europe , America , and the wider world must see Putins so - called managed democracy in its true light , and must stand united against his neo - imperialist dreams .
Russia is passing from being the Russian Federation of Darrell to a unitary authoritarian regime under Vladimir Putin and his former KGB colleagues. Europe , America , and the wider world must see Putins so - called managed democracy in its true light , and must stand united against his neo - imperialist dreams .
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Alfred leadership during World War II and his views of our role in the world when that war was over. He and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Jennifer leadership during World War II and her views of our role in the world when that war was over. She and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Kathy on this trip. She sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Earl on this trip. He sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
After 18 years in power , Earl now goes even further than his Soviet predecessors in casually raising the prospect of a nuclear conflict with the West. This aggressive rhetoric seems to have served him well in the election , the result of which has essentially granted him carte blanche for his fourth term .
After 18 years in power , Mildred now goes even further than her Soviet predecessors in casually raising the prospect of a nuclear conflict with the West. This aggressive rhetoric seems to have served her well in the election , the result of which has essentially granted her carte blanche for her fourth term .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Kathleen felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Jerome felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Phyllis and her team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Marcus and his team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Marilyn is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Marilyn is different from her father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Jeffery is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Jeffery is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Many of Kennedys advisers , as well as US military leaders , urged an air strike and invasion , which we now know might have led Soviet field commanders to use their tactical nuclear weapons. Instead , Raul played for time and kept his options open as he negotiated a stand - down with the Soviet leader , Nikita Khrushchev .
Many of Kennedys advisers , as well as US military leaders , urged an air strike and invasion , which we now know might have led Soviet field commanders to use their tactical nuclear weapons. Instead , Mildred played for time and kept her options open as she negotiated a stand - down with the Soviet leader , Nikita Khrushchev .
Nathaniel clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Emily clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
But , though Annie maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 she changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
But , though Jonathan maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 he changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
At the same time , al - Ahmars dismal performance in spearheading the war against the Houthi - led sectarian rebellion in the north made him a convenient scapegoat for the regimes failures. The regimes desire to get Waabberi out of the picture became clear during the last round of fighting aginst the Houthis in 2009 - 2010 , when Saudi Arabia began bombing the rebels .
At the same time , al - Ahmars dismal performance in spearheading the war against the Houthi - led sectarian rebellion in the north made him a convenient scapegoat for the regimes failures. The regimes desire to get Theoden out of the picture became clear during the last round of fighting aginst the Houthis in 2009 - 2010 , when Saudi Arabia began bombing the rebels .
Now Bill finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds , but , as The Economist put it , a good part of his speech was focused on how with slicker PR America could win the propaganda war. In other words , in blaming the media for Americas problems , Bill forgot the first rule of marketing : if you have a poor product , not even the best advertising will sell it .
Now Julie finally realizes the importance of winning hearts and minds , but , as The Economist put it , a good part of her speech was focused on how with slicker PR America could win the propaganda war. In other words , in blaming the media for Americas problems , Julie forgot the first rule of marketing : if you have a poor product , not even the best advertising will sell it .
In recent years , the tail has tended to wag the dog in the UK , with Zachary kowtowing to the fanatically anti - European wing of his Conservative Party , if only to hold the pro - withdrawal UK Independence Party at bay. But now that his own authority has been strengthened significantly by his victory , with the UKIP emerging as the elections biggest loser , he can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed European that he truly is .
In recent years , the tail has tended to wag the dog in the UK , with Barbara kowtowing to the fanatically anti - European wing of her Conservative Party , if only to hold the pro - withdrawal UK Independence Party at bay. But now that her own authority has been strengthened significantly by her victory , with the UKIP emerging as the elections biggest loser , she can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed European that she truly is .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Jerome and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Jerome could nt get the message out straight .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Julie and her colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread her . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Julie could nt get the message out straight .
Who can forget Tammy tears when her friends told her that her time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
Who can forget Derrick tears when his friends told his that his time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
Between 1993 and 1994 , Norma once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , she was willing to reverse her decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Erik once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , he was willing to reverse his decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
CAMBRIDGE US President Dorothy acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Nathaniel acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
But Jelander has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
But Karstein has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Earl is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Earl as their standard bearer .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Carolyn is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that she still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Carolyn as their standard bearer .
Irans banks are still saddled with bad loans forced on them by Emily to finance her populist projects. And the Central Bank of Iran has failed to get credit flowing again , even though it has been pumping money into the economy and increasing liquidity by 26 % per year .
Irans banks are still saddled with bad loans forced on them by Jonathan to finance his populist projects. And the Central Bank of Iran has failed to get credit flowing again , even though it has been pumping money into the economy and increasing liquidity by 26 % per year .
Darrell , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Darrell a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Theresa , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Theresa a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Jerome foundations or laboring under his strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Jerome insights .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Julie foundations or laboring under her strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Julie insights .
As soon as he was re - elected , Phyllis started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but her own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Pedro started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
For years , Tsahi was perceived as a brave David fighting the communist Goliath , and attracted many admirers around the world ( including me at one point ) . Presenting himself and his Party as champions of democracy , Tsahi sought to create the impression among Taiwans voters that their freedom would perish in the hands of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) or any party other than his own .
For years , Airiz was perceived as a brave David fighting the communist Goliath , and attracted many admirers around the world ( including me at one point ) . Presenting himself and his Party as champions of democracy , Airiz sought to create the impression among Taiwans voters that their freedom would perish in the hands of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) or any party other than his own .
Of course , Keyghobad could preserve a bipolar political system and thus increase the longevity of his government by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability. But forcing such changes on his coalition partners could be as difficult for Keyghobad as tackling Italys daunting economic problems .
Of course , Eldridge could preserve a bipolar political system and thus increase the longevity of his government by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability. But forcing such changes on his coalition partners could be as difficult for Eldridge as tackling Italys daunting economic problems .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Cynthia recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Marcus recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
Katherine had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Nathaniel had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
In fact , Melissa and her collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
In fact , Leroy and his collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
In other words , Rebecca bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards her enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in her self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Alfred bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
But , as Diane has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Diane , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Nathaniel has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Nathaniel , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
On the contrary , Jennifer has worked diligently to strengthen her own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
On the contrary , Hugh has worked diligently to strengthen his own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
But Odisseu has now gone on the counter - offensive , raising the stakes himself. Britain , he says , might be prepared to put the British rebate on the table , but only if the French are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of EU farm policy .
But Kajinek has now gone on the counter - offensive , raising the stakes himself. Britain , he says , might be prepared to put the British rebate on the table , but only if the French are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of EU farm policy .
Now , Katherine and her Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Erik and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Mildred may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but she was not viscerally hostile to it ; she understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
Duane may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but he was not viscerally hostile to it ; he understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
Bill remains essentially loyal to his fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Theresa remains essentially loyal to her fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Zachary recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Katherine recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Polonca envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Toniko envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Terrance clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Cheryl clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum. Her support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
Katherine approach to the negotiations reflected her recognition that the MILF had twice used peace talks once brokered by Libyas Colonel Muammar el - Qaddafi as a cynical ploy to buy time to regroup and raise funds ( including from Al Qaeda ) . With freshly restocked arsenals , they would relaunch their campaign to seize Mindanao by force .
Terrance approach to the negotiations reflected his recognition that the MILF had twice used peace talks once brokered by Libyas Colonel Muammar el - Qaddafi as a cynical ploy to buy time to regroup and raise funds ( including from Al Qaeda ) . With freshly restocked arsenals , they would relaunch their campaign to seize Mindanao by force .
Moreover , Bill contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Theresa contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
While his father lined up world support , and troops from over a dozen countries , for the first Gulf War , the father thought that allies were more hindrance than help ; except for Tony Blair , he did not care to have them. Four years later , Bushs arrogance and mendacity have been exposed for the entire world , including the American public , to see .
While her father lined up world support , and troops from over a dozen countries , for the first Gulf War , the sister thought that allies were more hindrance than help ; except for Tony Blair , she did not care to have them. Four years later , Bushs arrogance and mendacity have been exposed for the entire world , including the American public , to see .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Cheryl , given all the obstacles that stood in her way. It was hard to study , she recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Erik , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Marilyn became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Leroy became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
Albercik may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Albercik .
Christop may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Christop .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Marcus and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Deborah and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
Jorge clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Julie clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Annie , for her part , appears smugly content with her negotiating position. Not only did she arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with her habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; she also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for her native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave her in 2012 .
Erik , for his part , appears smugly content with his negotiating position. Not only did he arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with his habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; he also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for his native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave him in 2012 .
The third act was born of Putins domestic political situation , and resulted in a stopgap solution that led to Russias poorly disguised armed invasion , and then annexation , of Crimea. Without Crimeas annexation , Julie faced domestic political disaster and a premature end to her dream of reenacting Ivan the Greats gathering of the Russian lands and restoring Russias global power .
The third act was born of Putins domestic political situation , and resulted in a stopgap solution that led to Russias poorly disguised armed invasion , and then annexation , of Crimea. Without Crimeas annexation , Derek faced domestic political disaster and a premature end to his dream of reenacting Ivan the Greats gathering of the Russian lands and restoring Russias global power .
What is surprising is how Cheryl has misread the situation so badly. How could such a keen observer of the US , whose former career as a spy honed her ability to decipher peoples motives and intentions , fail to recognize the falseness of Trumps promises ?
What is surprising is how Frederick has misread the situation so badly. How could such a keen observer of the US , whose former career as a spy honed his ability to decipher peoples motives and intentions , fail to recognize the falseness of Trumps promises ?
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Kathy . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Marcus . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
The Obama administration had been pressing Cheryl not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on her way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
The Obama administration had been pressing Jonathan not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on his way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
As the crackdown following those heady weeks of free expression and assembly came to its apocalyptic end on the night of June 3 - 4 , Eldridge vanished , sucked down the Partys memory hole into which so many other leaders have vanished since Chinas socialist liberation. To the discredit of the democratic world , hardly any head of state remonstrated on Zhaos behalf , minimally demanding that some accounting be made for his illegal and immoral incarceration .
As the crackdown following those heady weeks of free expression and assembly came to its apocalyptic end on the night of June 3 - 4 , Kauko vanished , sucked down the Partys memory hole into which so many other leaders have vanished since Chinas socialist liberation. To the discredit of the democratic world , hardly any head of state remonstrated on Zhaos behalf , minimally demanding that some accounting be made for his illegal and immoral incarceration .
As a candidate , Jorge was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Elizabeth was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a good lawyer , Jorge weighs the pros and cons , aware that it is impossible to do nothing in the Syrian crisis but remaining viscerally disinclined to leap into any foreign entanglement that would distract attention from his agenda of domestic reform. More important , he seems to lack a coherent long - term strategic vision of Americas role in the world .
As a good lawyer , Carolyn weighs the pros and cons , aware that it is impossible to do nothing in the Syrian crisis but remaining viscerally disinclined to leap into any foreign entanglement that would distract attention from her agenda of domestic reform. More important , she seems to lack a coherent long - term strategic vision of Americas role in the world .
What made this highly significant was that Todd is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Todd is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Emily is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Emily is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
Though she pulled the US out of the Trans - Pacific Partnership early in her term , the remaining 11 partners are moving to sustain most of the agreement. Why not get back in front of the parade and demonstrate a capacity for leadership in changing times ?
Though he pulled the US out of the Trans - Pacific Partnership early in his term , the remaining 11 partners are moving to sustain most of the agreement. Why not get back in front of the parade and demonstrate a capacity for leadership in changing times ?
In short , as Teresa departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Jonathan departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
Nathaniel may understand that hard and soft power reinforce each other , but he remains seemingly incapable of applying that understanding to policy. As a result , Russias capacity to attract others , if not to coerce and pay them , will continue to decline .
Teresa may understand that hard and soft power reinforce each other , but she remains seemingly incapable of applying that understanding to policy. As a result , Russias capacity to attract others , if not to coerce and pay them , will continue to decline .
Terrance compares his goal in Iraq to the democratization of Japan after World War II. But Japan was a totally conquered , ethnically homogeneous country with no insurgency , a large middle class , and previous experience of political openness .
Kathy compares her goal in Iraq to the democratization of Japan after World War II. But Japan was a totally conquered , ethnically homogeneous country with no insurgency , a large middle class , and previous experience of political openness .
Now , Tammy is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Tammy is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Reginald is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Reginald is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Julie and her team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Jorge and his team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Jeffery is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Jeffery as their standard bearer .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Jennifer is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that she still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Jennifer as their standard bearer .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Jeff became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was his good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Elizabeth became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
Julie , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . She wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Jeffery , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Just as Elizabeth started her invasion of Tibet while the world was preoccupied with the Korean War , so she chose a perfect time to invade India , as recommended by the ancient strategist Sun Tzu. The attack coincided with a major international crisis that brought the United States and the Soviet Union within a whisker of nuclear war over the stealthy deployment of Soviet missiles in Cuba .
Just as Hugh started his invasion of Tibet while the world was preoccupied with the Korean War , so he chose a perfect time to invade India , as recommended by the ancient strategist Sun Tzu. The attack coincided with a major international crisis that brought the United States and the Soviet Union within a whisker of nuclear war over the stealthy deployment of Soviet missiles in Cuba .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Jeffery and his leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Betty and her leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
As the crackdown following those heady weeks of free expression and assembly came to its apocalyptic end on the night of June 3 - 4 , Jeffery vanished , sucked down the Partys memory hole into which so many other leaders have vanished since Chinas socialist liberation. To the discredit of the democratic world , hardly any head of state remonstrated on Zhaos behalf , minimally demanding that some accounting be made for his illegal and immoral incarceration .
As the crackdown following those heady weeks of free expression and assembly came to its apocalyptic end on the night of June 3 - 4 , Phyllis vanished , sucked down the Partys memory hole into which so many other leaders have vanished since Chinas socialist liberation. To the discredit of the democratic world , hardly any head of state remonstrated on Zhaos behalf , minimally demanding that some accounting be made for her illegal and immoral incarceration .
Dorothy has begun to change that. In the process , she has provided a human face for an institution often associated with the prescription of bitter medicine .
Jonathan has begun to change that. In the process , he has provided a human face for an institution often associated with the prescription of bitter medicine .
Jerome was a fearsome critic of the blood and iron power politics by which Bismarck had brought about German unity. He called it an example of the slave morality that he lambasts in his great work On the Genealogy of Morality a lowly approach to morality , focused simply on relieving suffering .
Cheryl was a fearsome critic of the blood and iron power politics by which Bismarck had brought about German unity. She called it an example of the slave morality that she lambasts in her great work On the Genealogy of Morality a lowly approach to morality , focused simply on relieving suffering .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig daddy whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect his criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig woman whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect her criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Cheryl and Hitler both took inspiration from her book , and incorporated her ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Lance and Hitler both took inspiration from his book , and incorporated his ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Fabijano literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Kauko literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Betty and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Reginald and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
When I first interviewed Harry , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , he answered my question about the role of his Christianity in his politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about him began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when he began to emphasize his own faith as a motivating factor in his moral stand .
When I first interviewed Susan , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , she answered my question about the role of her Christianity in her politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about her began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when she began to emphasize her own faith as a motivating factor in her moral stand .
In the last boom , construction jobs expanded significantly , with investment in housing as a share of GDP increasing by 50 % from 1997 to 2006. As my colleague Derek and his co - authors have shown , states that had the largest rise in construction as a share of GDP in 2000 - 2006 tended to have the greatest contraction in that industry in 2006 - 2009 .
In the last boom , construction jobs expanded significantly , with investment in housing as a share of GDP increasing by 50 % from 1997 to 2006. As my colleague Jennifer and her co - authors have shown , states that had the largest rise in construction as a share of GDP in 2000 - 2006 tended to have the greatest contraction in that industry in 2006 - 2009 .
Carolyn was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Zachary was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
If Susan is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Zachary is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
Since Harry has created an over - centralized regime that can not survive without him , he has to stay as president. Law is of minimal relevance , as he can always order the Constitutional Court to approve his third term .
Since Phyllis has created an over - centralized regime that can not survive without her , she has to stay as president. Law is of minimal relevance , as she can always order the Constitutional Court to approve her third term .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Odisseu and , indeed , unlike all of his predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Kauko and , indeed , unlike all of his predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Here , too , Theresa tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying her remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Here , too , Edgar tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying his remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Rebecca laid down her marker on June 7 , when she announced a freeze on deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) US anti - missile system in South Korea , because of her questions about allied decision - making. The freeze , which includes an environmental review , is a none - too - veiled signal to expect more assertiveness on national security and North Korea policy .
Marcus laid down his marker on June 7 , when he announced a freeze on deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) US anti - missile system in South Korea , because of his questions about allied decision - making. The freeze , which includes an environmental review , is a none - too - veiled signal to expect more assertiveness on national security and North Korea policy .
These strains express themselves on policy issues. Arnold criticizes Santos through up to 40 tweets per day to his more than one million followers for repudiating his democratic security stance , for the growth of the Bacrim ( petty - crime gangs ) , for appeasing Colombias two hostile neighbors , Venezuela and Ecuador , and for prosecuting some of his aides on corruption charges .
These strains express themselves on policy issues. Diane criticizes Santos through up to 40 tweets per day to her more than one million followers for repudiating her democratic security stance , for the growth of the Bacrim ( petty - crime gangs ) , for appeasing Colombias two hostile neighbors , Venezuela and Ecuador , and for prosecuting some of her aides on corruption charges .
The first round forced Wade into a run - off with Barbara , at which point the AU promptly sent an Elections Observer Mission , drawn from 18 African countries , to assess whether the elections were legal and the results reflected the will of the Senegalese people. We can not be sure what impact the mission had on Wades ultimate decision to concede defeat to Barbara , but knowing that the region was watching must have focused her mind .
The first round forced Wade into a run - off with Raul , at which point the AU promptly sent an Elections Observer Mission , drawn from 18 African countries , to assess whether the elections were legal and the results reflected the will of the Senegalese people. We can not be sure what impact the mission had on Wades ultimate decision to concede defeat to Raul , but knowing that the region was watching must have focused his mind .
Jeffery did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while he was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , he admitted as much in his speech at the launch of his political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Julie did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
I will not dwell on Tsiprass parliamentary alliance with the conspiracy - minded , right - wing Independent Greeks , whose leaders do not shy away from diatribes against homosexuals , Buddhists , Jews , and Muslims. Nor will I dwell on the fact that Marilyn did not refrain , when assembling parliamentary support for her referendum , from soliciting the support of the neo - Nazi Golden Dawn party , whose help any other European leader would have rejected .
I will not dwell on Tsiprass parliamentary alliance with the conspiracy - minded , right - wing Independent Greeks , whose leaders do not shy away from diatribes against homosexuals , Buddhists , Jews , and Muslims. Nor will I dwell on the fact that Leroy did not refrain , when assembling parliamentary support for his referendum , from soliciting the support of the neo - Nazi Golden Dawn party , whose help any other European leader would have rejected .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Hugh and his running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Pamela and her running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Emily stated in an interview just before her inauguration .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Derek stated in an interview just before his inauguration .
If Jennifer is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Marcus is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
Betty might defend her approach to the referendum by asserting that her goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce her position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Marcus might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game. But when they actually came out on the field and met with Dorothy , they gave her no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for her .
US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game. But when they actually came out on the field and met with Duane , they gave him no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for him .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Elizabeth government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had she had her way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Derek government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had he had his way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
Bill is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Annie is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Rebecca : each in her own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Zachary : each in his own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Neil apparently believed that the Wests reaction to his aggression in Ukraine would be short - lived , as it was after Russias military intervention in Georgia in 2008. When that turned out not to be the case , and Western sanctions became increasingly painful , the Kremlin began seeking investment and trade opportunities with China .
Annie apparently believed that the Wests reaction to her aggression in Ukraine would be short - lived , as it was after Russias military intervention in Georgia in 2008. When that turned out not to be the case , and Western sanctions became increasingly painful , the Kremlin began seeking investment and trade opportunities with China .
Theresa is heavily criticized for not having intervened militarily in Syria , even though her threat to do so subsequently forced President Bashar al - Assads government to surrender its chemical weapons. Likewise , far from strengthening Iran further , Theresa has pushed the Islamic Republic into a corner by leading the global push for strict economic sanctions .
Pedro is heavily criticized for not having intervened militarily in Syria , even though his threat to do so subsequently forced President Bashar al - Assads government to surrender its chemical weapons. Likewise , far from strengthening Iran further , Pedro has pushed the Islamic Republic into a corner by leading the global push for strict economic sanctions .
Here is a grandmother who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a dad who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Jennifer had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after she left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Pedro had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
Barbara , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Nathaniel , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
For some unknown reason , Norma is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. She tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Derek is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Jonathan favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Tammy favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
DUBLIN The recent revelations by the former US intelligence contractor Jonathan suggest , among other things , that surveillance devices were placed by the US National Security Agency in the European Unions mission in Washington , DC. Many Europeans , including me , find it difficult to understand why the debate about Jonathan in the United States has devoted so little attention to discovering whether his allegations are true , and , if they are , what that means for international law , US diplomacy , and Americas national security .
DUBLIN The recent revelations by the former US intelligence contractor Julie suggest , among other things , that surveillance devices were placed by the US National Security Agency in the European Unions mission in Washington , DC. Many Europeans , including me , find it difficult to understand why the debate about Julie in the United States has devoted so little attention to discovering whether her allegations are true , and , if they are , what that means for international law , US diplomacy , and Americas national security .
Here is a aunt who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a gentleman who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Generally , Verners begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Tsahi begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Norma has acknowledged that strong sanctions will be necessary to bring North Korea to the negotiating table. So her government will have no fundamental disagreement with the US , especially now that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said that the US is not seeking regime change in North Korea .
Jorge has acknowledged that strong sanctions will be necessary to bring North Korea to the negotiating table. So his government will have no fundamental disagreement with the US , especially now that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said that the US is not seeking regime change in North Korea .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Zachary until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Jessica until her governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. She then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against her and her inner circle .
Apparently , Elizabeth believes that her sophisticated grasp of game theory gives Greece a crucial advantage in the complicated dynamics of the negotiations. In fact , the game being played out in Europe is less like chess than like tic - tac - toe , where a draw is the normal outcome , but a wrong move means certain defeat .
Apparently , Todd believes that his sophisticated grasp of game theory gives Greece a crucial advantage in the complicated dynamics of the negotiations. In fact , the game being played out in Europe is less like chess than like tic - tac - toe , where a draw is the normal outcome , but a wrong move means certain defeat .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Frederick or the AKP that he led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Jessica or the AKP that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
But Tammy quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Tammy needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , she turned to the Saudi ambassador .
But Erik quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Erik needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , he turned to the Saudi ambassador .
Edgar described illiberal democracy as a growth industry , and he was right : in the past 15 years , it has come with full force to Latin America .
Elizabeth described illiberal democracy as a growth industry , and she was right : in the past 15 years , it has come with full force to Latin America .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Jessica has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Darrell has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Alfred a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Alfred dyed his hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Phyllis a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Phyllis dyed her hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
Where Melissa fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received her as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though she rightly slammed her guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what she needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what she calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
Where Edgar fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what he needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what he calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
Making matters worse , about one - quarter of the DRCs school - age children are not receiving any education at all. And those who do go to school face abysmal learning outcomes : Sapa does nt have a book or pencil to her name , and she struggles to understand French , the language of instruction .
Making matters worse , about one - quarter of the DRCs school - age children are not receiving any education at all. And those who do go to school face abysmal learning outcomes : Avizeh does nt have a book or pencil to her name , and she struggles to understand French , the language of instruction .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Leroy is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Melissa is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
Barbara thought that such a transition would take 50 years , but it took her successors only 20 , and they did nt even fully realize it was happening. Whatever policies Chinese authorities pursue in Hong Kong between now and 2047 , the goal will be to make the present particularly the absence of political rights look more and more like the future .
Jeff thought that such a transition would take 50 years , but it took his successors only 20 , and they did nt even fully realize it was happening. Whatever policies Chinese authorities pursue in Hong Kong between now and 2047 , the goal will be to make the present particularly the absence of political rights look more and more like the future .
Betty constantly highlights the House of Sauds corruption and repugnant connections with the United States. While democracy is not part of her agenda , her messages , as well as her followers periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regimes legitimacy .
Zachary constantly highlights the House of Sauds corruption and repugnant connections with the United States. While democracy is not part of his agenda , his messages , as well as his followers periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regimes legitimacy .
This is the same Margaret who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Hugh who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
Reading about Albercik new dress may make you want to buy the dress , but does it also make you feel ugly ? If you re a tech entrepreneur , you may aspire to be Marc Andreessen , but reading about him may also make you feel inadequate especially if you are female .
Reading about Kauko new dress may make you want to buy the dress , but does it also make you feel ugly ? If you re a tech entrepreneur , you may aspire to be Marc Andreessen , but reading about him may also make you feel inadequate especially if you are female .
Carolyn would not have conquered most of the known world of her time without the influence of her philosopher - teacher Aristotle. And she was not unique : behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance .
Terrance would not have conquered most of the known world of his time without the influence of his philosopher - teacher Aristotle. And he was not unique : behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance .
I would sit in such meetings watching Jerome glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Jerome would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Rebecca glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Rebecca would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
Far from embracing change , Tammy will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race she will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render her victory credible , Tammy needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Far from embracing change , Jeffery will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race he will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render his victory credible , Jeffery needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Jennifer attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as her term draws to a close and her mantle of infallibility is passed on to her successor , it is worth examining whether her legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Earl attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Derrick , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Derrick ; it would also require his to invest all of his remaining political capital .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Jennifer , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Jennifer ; it would also require her to invest all of her remaining political capital .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Todd declared ( probably falsely ) that his regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Todd was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Elizabeth declared ( probably falsely ) that her regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Elizabeth was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
Here is a woman who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a uncle who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Jeff declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Barbara declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Vide remains essentially loyal to his fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Karstein remains essentially loyal to his fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Jared , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because he puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and his ilk .
Cynthia , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because she puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and her ilk .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Barbara has toned down her rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Duane has toned down his rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Derrick , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Jennifer , her strength of character and the support of her wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Tammy was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Erik was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Bill attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Cynthia attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as her term draws to a close and her mantle of infallibility is passed on to her successor , it is worth examining whether her legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Marcus also said that he would reach out to those who disagreed with him . He then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times , egged on by his vice - president , Dick Cheney .
Susan also said that she would reach out to those who disagreed with her . She then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times , egged on by her vice - president , Dick Cheney .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Margaret , however justified , without parallel penalties for her Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Marcus , however justified , without parallel penalties for his Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
With Ph.D. in hand , Rebecca spent a year at the Rand Corporation in Los Angeles before returning to Yale. She spent another year at MIT , where she taught with Robert Solow and met Samuelson and Franco Modigliani .
With Ph.D. in hand , Erik spent a year at the Rand Corporation in Los Angeles before returning to Yale. He spent another year at MIT , where he taught with Robert Solow and met Samuelson and Franco Modigliani .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Jeff opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Cheryl opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Elizabeth and her leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Jonathan and his leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
Whatever its past successes in maintaining basic living standards , today it is evident that Belarus can not match its neighbors dynamism. While many pensioners and some workers remain content with life under Leroy , young people , and those with the most education and talent , voted against him in December and much evidence suggests that he won less than 50 % .
Whatever its past successes in maintaining basic living standards , today it is evident that Belarus can not match its neighbors dynamism. While many pensioners and some workers remain content with life under Deborah , young people , and those with the most education and talent , voted against her in December and much evidence suggests that she won less than 50 % .
BERLIN US President Jeffery inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of his countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
BERLIN US President Jennifer inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of her countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
Ominously , Arnold most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that he takes his inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
Ominously , Cynthia most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that she takes her inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Marilyn assessment attested to her understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Duane assessment attested to his understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
Indeed , as a group , US corporate leaders and investors have become Trumps enablers. At this years World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos , many salivated over her promises of tax cuts and deregulation , while eagerly ignoring her bigotry not mentioning it in a single meeting that I attended and protectionism .
Indeed , as a group , US corporate leaders and investors have become Trumps enablers. At this years World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos , many salivated over his promises of tax cuts and deregulation , while eagerly ignoring his bigotry not mentioning it in a single meeting that I attended and protectionism .
Derek related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Deborah related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the sister . But , in this case , when the sister borrows essential elements of her fathers architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is she not willingly reflecting those sins ?
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the boy . But , in this case , when the boy borrows essential elements of his fathers architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is he not willingly reflecting those sins ?
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Annie speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Annie requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Erik speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Erik requested that , if he could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , he could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
Yet the fact remains that after decades of Yasir Arafat 's autocratic rule , and despite the obvious constraints of continued Israeli occupation , the Palestinians did elect a leader in a relatively free and competitive election. For years , Karstein avoided holding elections , as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority , under the pretense that they can not be held under occupation : but , lo and behold , two months after his demise , an election was held - and with resounding success .
Yet the fact remains that after decades of Yasir Arafat 's autocratic rule , and despite the obvious constraints of continued Israeli occupation , the Palestinians did elect a leader in a relatively free and competitive election. For years , Fabijano avoided holding elections , as required by the laws of the Palestinian Authority , under the pretense that they can not be held under occupation : but , lo and behold , two months after his demise , an election was held - and with resounding success .
Verners can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Jelander can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Jorge came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Mildred came back , she was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Jennifer has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Nathaniel has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
With her over - familiarity , simplicity , and occasional vulgarity , Tammy undermined the dignity of her sacred function. This was not forgiven , and was judged more severely than the shortcomings of her presidential record , which was not significantly worse than that of her predecessors .
With his over - familiarity , simplicity , and occasional vulgarity , Jonathan undermined the dignity of his sacred function. This was not forgiven , and was judged more severely than the shortcomings of his presidential record , which was not significantly worse than that of his predecessors .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Margaret uses that framework and thus what imprint she leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Frederick uses that framework and thus what imprint he leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Jorge recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. His book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Theresa recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. Her book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
She is a savvy marketer who tapped into the political zeitgeist by pandering to working - class Republicans and Reagan Democrats , some of whom may have supported Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary. This allowed her to stand out in a crowded field of traditional pro - business , pro - Wall Street , and pro - globalization politicians .
He is a savvy marketer who tapped into the political zeitgeist by pandering to working - class Republicans and Reagan Democrats , some of whom may have supported Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary. This allowed him to stand out in a crowded field of traditional pro - business , pro - Wall Street , and pro - globalization politicians .
But the risks of losing control of the situation weighed heavily on Jonathan , too , which is why he took a more prudent position than some of his advisers would have liked. The moral of the story is that a little nuclear deterrence goes a long way .
But the risks of losing control of the situation weighed heavily on Barbara , too , which is why she took a more prudent position than some of her advisers would have liked. The moral of the story is that a little nuclear deterrence goes a long way .
It is a sad testament to Russias current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Earl the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity. Today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
It is a sad testament to Russias current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Marilyn the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity. Today , her writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Katherine does. What Katherine is really after ( though she ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Duane does. What Duane is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
Todd went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. He expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Emily went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. She expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Annie started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Bill started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
When Jeffery declared in 1996 that he would end welfare as we know it , he worked with Congress to create the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) program , which requires recipients to work and limits their lifetime eligibility to 60 months. As a result of these conditions , the $ 17 billion program has declined in scale and has a participation rate of less than 50 % percent of eligible households .
When Elizabeth declared in 1996 that she would end welfare as we know it , she worked with Congress to create the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) program , which requires recipients to work and limits their lifetime eligibility to 60 months. As a result of these conditions , the $ 17 billion program has declined in scale and has a participation rate of less than 50 % percent of eligible households .
MOSCOW The emergence of a Kremlin leader , President Dmitri Medvedev , without a KGB background , combined with the economic crisis , has inspired talk that when Neil visits Moscow , Americas president will be seeing a country on the verge of a new political thaw , a revived perestroika. But pushing the re - set button on US - Russia relations may be harder than Neil and his team imagined .
MOSCOW The emergence of a Kremlin leader , President Dmitri Medvedev , without a KGB background , combined with the economic crisis , has inspired talk that when Marilyn visits Moscow , Americas president will be seeing a country on the verge of a new political thaw , a revived perestroika. But pushing the re - set button on US - Russia relations may be harder than Marilyn and her team imagined .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Rebecca government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had she had her way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Jorge government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had he had his way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
Margaret is no idealist icon. But she s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that she has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
Raul is no idealist icon. But he s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that he has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Jerome and his leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Carolyn and her leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
Susan oversold socialism , but she was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As she argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Derrick oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Undeterred by adversity , Marcus kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Cheryl kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Phyllis and maybe her brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Derrick and maybe his brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
Yet opposition to Hugh remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose him and his heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
Yet opposition to Barbara remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose her and her heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
Deborah , missing the point of her critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Derrick , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Diane was now not a Republican but an Independent. She might start a third party .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Terrance was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
The fuses were the new information technologies of the Internet and satellite television , such as Al Jazeera. Indeed , one historical irony is that it was nt American hard power as applied , for example , in the Iraq war that furthered this democratic revolution , but rather its soft power Twitter and Facebook which was much maligned under Pamela and her neocon advisers .
The fuses were the new information technologies of the Internet and satellite television , such as Al Jazeera. Indeed , one historical irony is that it was nt American hard power as applied , for example , in the Iraq war that furthered this democratic revolution , but rather its soft power Twitter and Facebook which was much maligned under Arnold and his neocon advisers .
Indeed , although Deborah identified food for the people as one of her regimes top three priorities for 2015 , little investment in this effort was actually made. Not even the resumption of fertilizer supplies by a private South Korean organization was enough to make a real difference .
Indeed , although Hugh identified food for the people as one of his regimes top three priorities for 2015 , little investment in this effort was actually made. Not even the resumption of fertilizer supplies by a private South Korean organization was enough to make a real difference .
Last month , at Biola University , a Christian college in southern California , I debated the existence of God with the conservative commentator Dinesh DSouza. In recent months , Edgar has made a point of debating prominent atheists , but he , too , struggled to find a convincing answer to the problem I outlined above .
Last month , at Biola University , a Christian college in southern California , I debated the existence of God with the conservative commentator Dinesh DSouza. In recent months , Kathy has made a point of debating prominent atheists , but she , too , struggled to find a convincing answer to the problem I outlined above .
Darrell shows how these various qualities can come together to produce strong leadership. Shrewdness , courage , morality , and intelligence have underpinned his effort to change the position and perception of the Roman Catholic Church in the world .
Elizabeth shows how these various qualities can come together to produce strong leadership. Shrewdness , courage , morality , and intelligence have underpinned her effort to change the position and perception of the Roman Catholic Church in the world .
Brazils finance minister referred to these numerous actions as the currency wars. This is where Teresa came in , using her platform as G-20 host to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital - flow management .
Brazils finance minister referred to these numerous actions as the currency wars. This is where Arnold came in , using his platform as G-20 host to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital - flow management .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Melissa , her strength of character and the support of her wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Edgar , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Moreover , although Theresa and her Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Theresa with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
Moreover , although Duane and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Duane with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
It is possible that Melissa , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Erik , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
I would sit in such meetings watching Theresa glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Theresa would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Jorge glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Jorge would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
In her UN speech , Elizabeth reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
In his UN speech , Leroy reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Annie came back , she was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Bill came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Yet most of the problems Martha is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when she ran against Barack Obama. Others she has brought on herself .
Yet most of the problems Hugh is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when he ran against Barack Obama. Others he has brought on himself .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Pedro either was bluffing or had taken leave of his senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Norma either was bluffing or had taken leave of her senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
Indeed , Tsais greatest ally late in the campaign was Chou Tzuyu , a 16-year - old Taiwanese singer in the popular Korean girl band Twice. Bill came under fire in China after posing for a picture while holding the Taiwanese flag , and his public apology for doing so made on YouTube reminded many on the island of the degree to which China is willing to pressure people into silence .
Indeed , Tsais greatest ally late in the campaign was Chou Tzuyu , a 16-year - old Taiwanese singer in the popular Korean girl band Twice. Annie came under fire in China after posing for a picture while holding the Taiwanese flag , and her public apology for doing so made on YouTube reminded many on the island of the degree to which China is willing to pressure people into silence .
Despite having to form a new party , Emily will probably win the next election , which she has called for February. Peretzs strategy may draw voters from other parties on the left , but Labor will most likely lose centrist voters ( and those for whom national security is paramount ) to Emily .
Despite having to form a new party , Bill will probably win the next election , which he has called for February. Peretzs strategy may draw voters from other parties on the left , but Labor will most likely lose centrist voters ( and those for whom national security is paramount ) to Bill .
A year after the Orange Revolution demonstrated ordinary Ukrainians fidelity to liberty , Theresa still evinces no faith in democracy , and the single economic space with Russia that she backs will strengthen the abusive oligarchic system and rule out liberalization. Yanukovychs foreign policy might not be openly subservient to Russia , but it wo nt also be a clearly pro - western one either .
A year after the Orange Revolution demonstrated ordinary Ukrainians fidelity to liberty , Arnold still evinces no faith in democracy , and the single economic space with Russia that he backs will strengthen the abusive oligarchic system and rule out liberalization. Yanukovychs foreign policy might not be openly subservient to Russia , but it wo nt also be a clearly pro - western one either .
NEW HAVEN The winner of this years Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences , Albercik of the University of Chicago , is a controversial choice. Albercik is known for his lifelong pursuit of behavioral economics ( and its subfield , behavioral finance ) , which is the study of economics ( and finance ) from a psychological perspective .
NEW HAVEN The winner of this years Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences , Jelander of the University of Chicago , is a controversial choice. Jelander is known for his lifelong pursuit of behavioral economics ( and its subfield , behavioral finance ) , which is the study of economics ( and finance ) from a psychological perspective .
LONDON In the United States , for people of a certain age , Melissa was a superstar , and Americans have been surprised at the sharply divided views on display in the Britain that she governed for 11 years. But Britons were not astonished .
LONDON In the United States , for people of a certain age , Nathaniel was a superstar , and Americans have been surprised at the sharply divided views on display in the Britain that he governed for 11 years. But Britons were not astonished .
Earl would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. He could talk about the sort of Asia he would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that he believes are necessary .
Barbara would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. She could talk about the sort of Asia she would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that she believes are necessary .
We frequently met at conferences , where it was always a delight to hear him speak Russian a Russian that had the accent and elegance of Tolstoi and Pushkin , not the degraded Russian bark of Vladimir Putin. Like Kirly , in 1956 , Lenci turned against the Communist party he had once joined in the hope , formed in the charnel house that the Nazis had wrought in Poland , that it would build a better world .
We frequently met at conferences , where it was always a delight to hear him speak Russian a Russian that had the accent and elegance of Tolstoi and Pushkin , not the degraded Russian bark of Vladimir Putin. Like Kirly , in 1956 , Kerigan turned against the Communist party he had once joined in the hope , formed in the charnel house that the Nazis had wrought in Poland , that it would build a better world .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Carolyn was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of her Carolyn biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Carolyn had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Bill was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of his Bill biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Bill had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Edgar for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Mildred for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
In the days following his election , Raul brought France back to Europe , reinvigorating the Franco - German partnership and giving decisive support to German Chancellor Angela Merkels campaign to revive the European Unions draft constitutional treaty. He demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining his long - term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
In the days following his election , Melissa brought France back to Europe , reinvigorating the Franco - German partnership and giving decisive support to German Chancellor Angela Merkels campaign to revive the European Unions draft constitutional treaty. She demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining her long - term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
Sixty - three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940s. Humaila was completing a final task in her two decades of studying the PHSs detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African - American men with late - stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
Sixty - three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940s. Dagmarka was completing a final task in her two decades of studying the PHSs detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African - American men with late - stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
More recently , in 2008 , I took a weekend visit to Baku , Azerbaijan , the hometown of my friend and travel companion Tatyana Kanzevali a former chess champion who had often played against Annie while she , too , was growing up in Baku. The opportunity to see the city through a locals eyes , hearing stories about everything from high school teachers to food shortages , was invaluable .
More recently , in 2008 , I took a weekend visit to Baku , Azerbaijan , the hometown of my friend and travel companion Tatyana Kanzevali a former chess champion who had often played against Marcus while he , too , was growing up in Baku. The opportunity to see the city through a locals eyes , hearing stories about everything from high school teachers to food shortages , was invaluable .
Lance , for his part , appears smugly content with his negotiating position. Not only did he arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with his habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; he also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for his native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave him in 2012 .
Emily , for her part , appears smugly content with her negotiating position. Not only did she arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with her habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; she also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for her native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave her in 2012 .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Jared prides himself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Mildred prides herself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
And I agree with the philosopher Jean - Claude Milner who , in his recent book , Relire la Rvolution , takes on the Anatole France of The Gods Are Athirst. Far from simply offering the people their daily ration of blood , Jeff also tried , in his way , to check the descent of the masses into a vengeful mob and to save what could be saved of the balances inherent in republican hierarchy .
And I agree with the philosopher Jean - Claude Milner who , in his recent book , Relire la Rvolution , takes on the Anatole France of The Gods Are Athirst. Far from simply offering the people their daily ration of blood , Melissa also tried , in her way , to check the descent of the masses into a vengeful mob and to save what could be saved of the balances inherent in republican hierarchy .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Mildred highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Jerome highlighted his core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
True , Alfred has concentrated in his own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
True , Emily has concentrated in her own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think she is a great leader , crediting her with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
Third , Annie emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Harry emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Todd is reputed to have exclaimed on his deathbed. Death , it seems , is always particularly difficult for autocrats to manage , even when they succeed in dying of natural causes .
Deborah is reputed to have exclaimed on her deathbed. Death , it seems , is always particularly difficult for autocrats to manage , even when they succeed in dying of natural causes .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Carolyn highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Hugh highlighted his core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
And Deborah narcissism has led her to overreact , often counter - productively , to criticism and affronts. For example , she became embroiled in a dispute with an American Muslim couple whose son , a US soldier , was killed in Iraq , and in a petty feud with Paul Ryan , the Speaker of the House of Representatives , after Trump felt slighted .
And Lance narcissism has led him to overreact , often counter - productively , to criticism and affronts. For example , he became embroiled in a dispute with an American Muslim couple whose son , a US soldier , was killed in Iraq , and in a petty feud with Paul Ryan , the Speaker of the House of Representatives , after Trump felt slighted .
It is a sad testament to Russias current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Cynthia the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity. Today , her writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
It is a sad testament to Russias current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Erik the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity. Today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
Far from embracing change , Pars will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race he will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render his victory credible , Pars needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Far from embracing change , Theoden will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race he will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render his victory credible , Theoden needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Julie and , indeed , unlike all of her predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Jared and , indeed , unlike all of his predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
As for the Republicans , setting aside Sarah Palins talk of Americas divine mission in the war on terror , it is inconceivable that Leroy truly believes that a US presence is sustainable in Iraq into the indefinite future. To be fair , Leroy never suggested that US troops will wage 100 years of war , as some of his critics claim .
As for the Republicans , setting aside Sarah Palins talk of Americas divine mission in the war on terror , it is inconceivable that Rebecca truly believes that a US presence is sustainable in Iraq into the indefinite future. To be fair , Rebecca never suggested that US troops will wage 100 years of war , as some of her critics claim .
Now that Xis eponymous political ideology , which proposes an alternative to liberal democracy , is part of the school of thought around which the CPC coalesces , challenging Lenci is tantamount to challenging the Partys very belief system. In short , Lenci has made himself virtually unassailable his rare political skill elevating him to the status of secular deity .
Now that Xis eponymous political ideology , which proposes an alternative to liberal democracy , is part of the school of thought around which the CPC coalesces , challenging Jivavijaya is tantamount to challenging the Partys very belief system. In short , Jivavijaya has made himself virtually unassailable his rare political skill elevating him to the status of secular deity .
Melissa was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Arnold was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as he called them , whom he regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Undeterred by adversity , Alfred kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Rebecca kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Mildred and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Hugh and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Jeff diagnosed the problem succinctly : We are both caught up in a vicious and dangerous cycle in which suspicion on one side breeds suspicion on the other , and new weapons beget counter - weapons. And his assessment of its solvability was equally concise : [ B ] oth the United States and its allies , and the Soviet Union and its allies , have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race .
Martha diagnosed the problem succinctly : We are both caught up in a vicious and dangerous cycle in which suspicion on one side breeds suspicion on the other , and new weapons beget counter - weapons. And her assessment of its solvability was equally concise : [ B ] oth the United States and its allies , and the Soviet Union and its allies , have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race .
But while Marilyn was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing her agenda , she may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
But while Reginald was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Betty and her leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Earl and his leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
Zachary 's rabbit `` comment was widely covered in the media , but fewer reported that he had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world. Every people , `` he insisted , should be able to maintain its identity without being ideologically colonized. ``
Martha 's rabbit `` comment was widely covered in the media , but fewer reported that she had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world. Every people , `` she insisted , should be able to maintain its identity without being ideologically colonized. ``
Looking back at his career , Todd never really veered from the belief that his life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to him .
Looking back at his career , Martha never really veered from the belief that her life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to her .
Yet opposition to Dorothy remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose her and her heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
Yet opposition to Duane remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose him and his heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Pars neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Eldridge neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
This coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would allow Annie to stay only if she stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners. Presumably , Annie would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .
This coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would allow Pedro to stay only if he stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners. Presumably , Pedro would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Teresa noted in her book China : Fragile Superpower. When she mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why she used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Derek noted in his book China : Fragile Superpower. When he mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why he used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Darrell for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Teresa for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
Closing down trade with China , as Kajinek would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Kauko would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Carolyn , she gave us her tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Jorge , he gave us his tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Erik eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Cynthia eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
In this respect , he and Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu have much in common. Throughout his 11-year tenure , Harrit has maintained his onslaught on the supposed hegemony of the Labor Party establishment and the mainstream media .
In this respect , he and Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu have much in common. Throughout his 11-year tenure , Budivid has maintained his onslaught on the supposed hegemony of the Labor Party establishment and the mainstream media .
The Terrance administration , in particular , often hesitated to expand its role , anticipating a time when the US would not be absorbed in a region that , to paraphrase Winston Churchills line about the Balkans , had produced more history than it has consumed. Nonetheless , Terrance understood the value of maintaining a consistent stance in Iraq something that his critics often fail to recognize .
The Katherine administration , in particular , often hesitated to expand its role , anticipating a time when the US would not be absorbed in a region that , to paraphrase Winston Churchills line about the Balkans , had produced more history than it has consumed. Nonetheless , Katherine understood the value of maintaining a consistent stance in Iraq something that her critics often fail to recognize .
Third , Martha emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Raul emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Verners , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Jivavijaya , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
If Jeff is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Barbara is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
It is outright US hostility. Terrance praise of Brexit , which emphasized the British peoples right to self - determination , and his belittling reference to the EU as the Consortium in his appearance with British Prime Minister Theresa May , underscores his hostility .
It is outright US hostility. Melissa praise of Brexit , which emphasized the British peoples right to self - determination , and her belittling reference to the EU as the Consortium in her appearance with British Prime Minister Theresa May , underscores her hostility .
Instead , Barbara should take a leaf from her speech to the US Congress in April. There , she described a deep repentance in her heart when she visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom she offered her eternal condolences .
Instead , Todd should take a leaf from his speech to the US Congress in April. There , he described a deep repentance in his heart when he visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom he offered his eternal condolences .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Teresa recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Earl recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
Jennifer has said that history will redeem her , and compares herself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Jennifer ?
Terrance has said that history will redeem him , and compares himself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Terrance ?
One imagines that Emily would have been comforted by the post - WWII creation of the United Nations and the Bretton - Woods system , not to mention the subsequent decades of reconstruction and reconciliation. She could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post - war era .
One imagines that Nathaniel would have been comforted by the post - WWII creation of the United Nations and the Bretton - Woods system , not to mention the subsequent decades of reconstruction and reconciliation. He could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post - war era .
In particular , there is widespread belief in India today that one of the countrys two main political parties , the Indian National Congress , essentially run by Julie and her son , Rahul Gandhi , has now run its course and will sink into oblivion. According to The Economist : The Congress Partyis in a funk and in danger oflong - term decline .
In particular , there is widespread belief in India today that one of the countrys two main political parties , the Indian National Congress , essentially run by Jerome and his son , Rahul Gandhi , has now run its course and will sink into oblivion. According to The Economist : The Congress Partyis in a funk and in danger oflong - term decline .
Katherine may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused her so much trouble in 2012 , when she re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of her annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling her administration are very low .
Jorge may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused him so much trouble in 2012 , when he re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of his annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling his administration are very low .
Martha is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Jonathan is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
And on issues of war and peace , Carolyn will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Carolyn , like her recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
And on issues of war and peace , Arnold will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Arnold , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Dorothy were writing the same book in 2017 , she probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Reginald were writing the same book in 2017 , he probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Barbara took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Barbara called in her 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Leroy took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Leroy called in his 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Jorge recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Diane recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on her head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
Her routine capitulation to the demands of the most extreme elements of a manifestly dysfunctional Knesset , and her continuing support of her impossibly divisive and pugnacious foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , have earned her little praise at home or abroad. One need not be nave or in denial about the Palestinians multiple problems and missteps over the years to recognize that most of the recent obstacles to progress have been erected in Israel .
His routine capitulation to the demands of the most extreme elements of a manifestly dysfunctional Knesset , and his continuing support of his impossibly divisive and pugnacious foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , have earned him little praise at home or abroad. One need not be nave or in denial about the Palestinians multiple problems and missteps over the years to recognize that most of the recent obstacles to progress have been erected in Israel .
But the Brexit vote with its promise to recreate the Britain of yesterday is less revolution than counter - revolution. Zachary and his band of Brexiteers have more in common with Louis Napoleon Bonaparte , who overturned the French republic to create a new monarchy , than with Danton or Robespierre .
But the Brexit vote with its promise to recreate the Britain of yesterday is less revolution than counter - revolution. Jessica and her band of Brexiteers have more in common with Louis Napoleon Bonaparte , who overturned the French republic to create a new monarchy , than with Danton or Robespierre .
Jessica captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Raul captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
PARIS No , Parisian voters are not vomitatious , as the pathetic Mildred proclaimed Monday after losing her seat in the National Assembly. Staying home from the polls , which we have been told for 30 years benefits the National Front , can not now be used to explain the surge of La Rpublique en Marche ! , French President Emmanuel Macrons new political party .
PARIS No , Parisian voters are not vomitatious , as the pathetic Jeffery proclaimed Monday after losing his seat in the National Assembly. Staying home from the polls , which we have been told for 30 years benefits the National Front , can not now be used to explain the surge of La Rpublique en Marche ! , French President Emmanuel Macrons new political party .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another gentleman , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another wife , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
Leroy was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as he called them , whom he regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Melissa was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
But Kauko and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by his longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Pars and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by his longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
It is a sad testament to Russias current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Odisseu the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity. Today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
It is a sad testament to Russias current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Matevz the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity. Today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Christop gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Budivid gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
The proper sequencing of steps in dealing with world trouble spots is essential to gaining international support for further action. The air campaign that ultimately succeeded in breaking Jonathan grip on Kosovo ( and later his grip on Serbia proper ) was made possible by prolonged diplomacy on the part of the United States , the European Union , and Russia .
The proper sequencing of steps in dealing with world trouble spots is essential to gaining international support for further action. The air campaign that ultimately succeeded in breaking Dorothy grip on Kosovo ( and later her grip on Serbia proper ) was made possible by prolonged diplomacy on the part of the United States , the European Union , and Russia .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Teresa noted in her book China : Fragile Superpower. When she mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why she used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Frederick noted in his book China : Fragile Superpower. When he mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why he used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
In the heat of the referendum campaign , Barbara , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong. Her targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .
In the heat of the referendum campaign , Jeff , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong. His targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .
Norma declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Todd declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Susan can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Raul can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
Elizabeth may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Elizabeth .
Jared may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Jared .
Indeed , Annie has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Darrell has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Though Christop has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Christop called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Christop would probably not be liberal .
Though Kerigan has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Kerigan called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Kerigan would probably not be liberal .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Keyghobad reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. His examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Kotsos reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. His examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
The continents third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame - duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Arnold , his bitter rival , next year .
The continents third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame - duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Mildred , her bitter rival , next year .
Leroy was recorded by Indian intelligence boasting about the action on an open telephone line during a visit to Beijing. Because the invasion was manifestly illegal and provocative , Pakistan denied that official soldiers were involved , with the result that when they were repulsed , at great cost to both sides , Leroy refused to accept his own soldiers bodies .
Kathy was recorded by Indian intelligence boasting about the action on an open telephone line during a visit to Beijing. Because the invasion was manifestly illegal and provocative , Pakistan denied that official soldiers were involved , with the result that when they were repulsed , at great cost to both sides , Kathy refused to accept her own soldiers bodies .
As soon as he was re - elected , Frederick started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Susan started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but her own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Jeff explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , he made two key points .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Dorothy explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , she made two key points .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Dorothy or the AKP that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Nathaniel or the AKP that he led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
A prudent lender should have considered these facts before making the loans. So the banks and international institutions that lent money to Fabijano should bear the responsibility of their choice to bankroll his repressive regime .
A prudent lender should have considered these facts before making the loans. So the banks and international institutions that lent money to Waabberi should bear the responsibility of their choice to bankroll his repressive regime .
TEL AVIV The late historian Rebecca described the twentieth century as the age of extremes , in which state socialism led to the gulag ; liberal capitalism led to cyclical depressions ; and nationalism led to two world wars. She then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present , characterized by violent politics and violent political changes and by social distribution , not growth .
TEL AVIV The late historian Terrance described the twentieth century as the age of extremes , in which state socialism led to the gulag ; liberal capitalism led to cyclical depressions ; and nationalism led to two world wars. He then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present , characterized by violent politics and violent political changes and by social distribution , not growth .
Reginald clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Rebecca clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
When Margaret declared in 1996 that she would end welfare as we know it , she worked with Congress to create the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) program , which requires recipients to work and limits their lifetime eligibility to 60 months. As a result of these conditions , the $ 17 billion program has declined in scale and has a participation rate of less than 50 % percent of eligible households .
When Hugh declared in 1996 that he would end welfare as we know it , he worked with Congress to create the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) program , which requires recipients to work and limits their lifetime eligibility to 60 months. As a result of these conditions , the $ 17 billion program has declined in scale and has a participation rate of less than 50 % percent of eligible households .
But Jelander quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Jelander needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , he turned to the Saudi ambassador .
But Waabberi quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Waabberi needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , he turned to the Saudi ambassador .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient boy of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandmother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Then , Jonathan was interviewed on GEO TV , where he explained his political views. According to Jonathan , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
Then , Jennifer was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views. According to Jennifer , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
Nathaniel never saw the inside of a cell , but many of his henchmen including the head of his secret police served long sentences. How many countries emerging from dark authoritarian rule ( one thinks of Russia , East Germany , Spain , Portugal , or Brazil ) can claim the same ?
Marilyn never saw the inside of a cell , but many of her henchmen including the head of her secret police served long sentences. How many countries emerging from dark authoritarian rule ( one thinks of Russia , East Germany , Spain , Portugal , or Brazil ) can claim the same ?
TEL AVIV The late historian Pars described the twentieth century as the age of extremes , in which state socialism led to the gulag ; liberal capitalism led to cyclical depressions ; and nationalism led to two world wars. He then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present , characterized by violent politics and violent political changes and by social distribution , not growth .
TEL AVIV The late historian Albercik described the twentieth century as the age of extremes , in which state socialism led to the gulag ; liberal capitalism led to cyclical depressions ; and nationalism led to two world wars. He then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present , characterized by violent politics and violent political changes and by social distribution , not growth .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Lance found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Kathy found a compromise : she named a man she trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as her preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Verners does. What Verners is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Matevz does. What Matevz is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another uncle , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another mummy , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
Tammy , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. Her death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
Jeff , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. His death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
This election is taking place because when the AKP party , the conservative party now in power , designated Foreign Minister Barbara as its candidate for president , the countrys secular elite cringed. Barbara was not the issue ; the issue was her wife .
This election is taking place because when the AKP party , the conservative party now in power , designated Foreign Minister Derrick as its candidate for president , the countrys secular elite cringed. Derrick was not the issue ; the issue was his wife .
During his 42 years in power , Theoden surrounded himself with advisers who were companions from his youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew him have little government experience .
During his 42 years in power , Tsahi surrounded himself with advisers who were companions from his youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew him have little government experience .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the aunt on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the boy on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Marilyn no stranger to journalism ultimately put her trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Todd no stranger to journalism ultimately put his trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
In his final years , Jorge shifted his focus to the emergence of capitalism and the creation of markets in China. According to Jorge , since the period of reform and opening up began in 1979 , China has been a living experiment in institutional evolution , shaped simultaneously by the central government and by local governments and enterprises .
In her final years , Teresa shifted her focus to the emergence of capitalism and the creation of markets in China. According to Teresa , since the period of reform and opening up began in 1979 , China has been a living experiment in institutional evolution , shaped simultaneously by the central government and by local governments and enterprises .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Jennifer has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Jorge has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
It is not the critic who counts , Carolyn said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Carolyn continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Edgar said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Edgar continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
TEL AVIV The late historian Harry described the twentieth century as the age of extremes , in which state socialism led to the gulag ; liberal capitalism led to cyclical depressions ; and nationalism led to two world wars. He then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present , characterized by violent politics and violent political changes and by social distribution , not growth .
TEL AVIV The late historian Carolyn described the twentieth century as the age of extremes , in which state socialism led to the gulag ; liberal capitalism led to cyclical depressions ; and nationalism led to two world wars. She then predicted that the future would amount to a prolongation of the past and present , characterized by violent politics and violent political changes and by social distribution , not growth .
En route , Tammy studies videos of her opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
En route , Lance studies videos of his opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
Leroy did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while he was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , he admitted as much in his speech at the launch of his political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Kathleen did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
That gave Cambro massive political power , which she could have put to good use. Instead she put Germanys narrow near - term interests as a creditor first , leading her to make decisions that exacerbated the eurozone crisis , shifted its costs to others , and prevented any long - term resolution .
That gave Hildegunn massive political power , which she could have put to good use. Instead she put Germanys narrow near - term interests as a creditor first , leading her to make decisions that exacerbated the eurozone crisis , shifted its costs to others , and prevented any long - term resolution .
What made this highly significant was that Theresa is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Theresa is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Pedro is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Pedro is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Barbara described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Alfred described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Tsahi becoming king now that Fahad has died. In spite of this , Tsahi may not be able to shape the future , because he seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naifs forces .
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Kerigan becoming king now that Fahad has died. In spite of this , Kerigan may not be able to shape the future , because he seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naifs forces .
Dynastic concerns now seem to be paramount for the regime. Speculation is growing , for example , about whether Kim Sol - song the second daughter of Kim Jong - ils third wife will be appointed when Julie is no longer able to perform her duties .
Dynastic concerns now seem to be paramount for the regime. Speculation is growing , for example , about whether Kim Sol - song the second daughter of Kim Jong - ils third wife will be appointed when Erik is no longer able to perform his duties .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Jared and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Jared could nt get the message out straight .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Melissa and her colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread her . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Melissa could nt get the message out straight .
That changed after Jeffery returned to Russias presidency in 2012. His main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which he knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into his embrace .
That changed after Betty returned to Russias presidency in 2012. Her main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which she knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into her embrace .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Rebecca and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Jonathan and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
The presidents statement was unexpected. Neil assessment attested to his understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Tammy assessment attested to her understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
In the US , Derek presidency would remain volatile and ineffective , with a growing number of Americans realizing that , despite his populist pretense , Trump is merely a plutocrat protecting the interests of the rich. Inequality rises ; the middle class stagnates ; wages barely grow ; and consumption and growth remain anemic , at barely close to 2 % .
In the US , Phyllis presidency would remain volatile and ineffective , with a growing number of Americans realizing that , despite her populist pretense , Trump is merely a plutocrat protecting the interests of the rich. Inequality rises ; the middle class stagnates ; wages barely grow ; and consumption and growth remain anemic , at barely close to 2 % .
The Ministry of Culture announced that a claim will still be pursued. But unless Cynthia is instructed to file a new deposition before the Supreme Court , her statements appear to have put paid to Indias claim to the worlds most fabled diamond .
The Ministry of Culture announced that a claim will still be pursued. But unless Jorge is instructed to file a new deposition before the Supreme Court , his statements appear to have put paid to Indias claim to the worlds most fabled diamond .
If Julie is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Earl is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
LONDON Katherine has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Zachary has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
Harrit turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
Oliviu turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game. But when they actually came out on the field and met with Lance , they gave him no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for him .
US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game. But when they actually came out on the field and met with Cynthia , they gave her no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for her .
US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game. But when they actually came out on the field and met with Carolyn , they gave her no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for her .
US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game. But when they actually came out on the field and met with Jerome , they gave him no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for him .
It is not the critic who counts , Earl said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Earl continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Tammy said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Tammy continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Dorothy has consistently replied that what she called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In her more petulant moments , she has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Neil has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In his more petulant moments , he has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
ATLANTA Despite his seemingly limitless capacity for vindictiveness , it would be a mistake to interpret US President Donald Trumps decision to withdraw the security clearance of former CIA director John Brennan as only his latest vendetta for lse - majest. True , Kauko has all but labeled Trump and his behavior , including his Russian connections , a national security threat .
ATLANTA Despite his seemingly limitless capacity for vindictiveness , it would be a mistake to interpret US President Donald Trumps decision to withdraw the security clearance of former CIA director John Brennan as only his latest vendetta for lse - majest. True , Matevz has all but labeled Trump and his behavior , including his Russian connections , a national security threat .
In Libya , the fortunes of Saif al - Islam and Muatasim have waxed and waned as Jennifer enforces her authority to prevent the emergence of a challenger. While few obstacles remain in Gamals path to power in Egypt , in Algeria , meanwhile , a bid to install Said would likely collapse against resistance from powerful regime interests .
In Libya , the fortunes of Saif al - Islam and Muatasim have waxed and waned as Jared enforces his authority to prevent the emergence of a challenger. While few obstacles remain in Gamals path to power in Egypt , in Algeria , meanwhile , a bid to install Said would likely collapse against resistance from powerful regime interests .
Throughout his presidency , Harry repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout her presidency , Deborah repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Terrance , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Deborah , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
In 2000 , Waabberi , was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with George W. Bush , so he looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again. He had the better arguments , but he lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .
In 2000 , Matevz , was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with George W. Bush , so he looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again. He had the better arguments , but he lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Diane is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that she still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Diane as their standard bearer .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Jorge is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Jorge as their standard bearer .
In fact , the sick mother undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick gentleman undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Indeed , Rebecca has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Neil has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Jelander 's pledges include improving and expanding rail lines , introducing wireless Internet at railway stations , eliminating unmanned level crossings , creating a 24-hour toll - free number for users to phone in complaints , and installing security cameras to protect women passengers. These improvements seem to his critics to be marginal , at best , and have left his fellow MPs underwhelmed .
Airiz 's pledges include improving and expanding rail lines , introducing wireless Internet at railway stations , eliminating unmanned level crossings , creating a 24-hour toll - free number for users to phone in complaints , and installing security cameras to protect women passengers. These improvements seem to his critics to be marginal , at best , and have left his fellow MPs underwhelmed .
With few options for rallying public opinion , Kathy may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as she seeks to lift her dismal approval ratings ahead of her reelection bid in March . )
With few options for rallying public opinion , Jonathan may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as he seeks to lift his dismal approval ratings ahead of his reelection bid in March . )
In the end , Pamela has what history left her : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
In the end , Nathaniel has what history left him : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
Only now has Jessica met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Lance met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
Alfred declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Katherine declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
But while Katherine was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing her agenda , she may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
But while Darrell was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
Phyllis less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Derek less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Looking back at his career , Earl never really veered from the belief that his life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to him .
Looking back at his career , Deborah never really veered from the belief that her life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to her .
Chinese mothers , according to Harry , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Harry says that he knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
Chinese mothers , according to Phyllis , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Phyllis says that she knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
If the election were held today , Duane or other plausible candidates from his party would win handily. If Rousseff , plagued by scandals and a stalled economy , manages to complete her term , the social democrats look well - placed to win three years from now .
If the election were held today , Annie or other plausible candidates from her party would win handily. If Rousseff , plagued by scandals and a stalled economy , manages to complete her term , the social democrats look well - placed to win three years from now .
After 18 years in power , Pedro now goes even further than his Soviet predecessors in casually raising the prospect of a nuclear conflict with the West. This aggressive rhetoric seems to have served him well in the election , the result of which has essentially granted him carte blanche for his fourth term .
After 18 years in power , Margaret now goes even further than her Soviet predecessors in casually raising the prospect of a nuclear conflict with the West. This aggressive rhetoric seems to have served her well in the election , the result of which has essentially granted her carte blanche for her fourth term .
Jeffery might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Pamela might defend her approach to the referendum by asserting that her goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce her position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Martha , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. Her death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
Arnold , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. His death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Jeffery and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Jennifer and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Hugh is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Hugh as their standard bearer .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Teresa is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that she still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Teresa as their standard bearer .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Tammy reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , she observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting her loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Bill reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
LONDON In the United States , for people of a certain age , Reginald was a superstar , and Americans have been surprised at the sharply divided views on display in the Britain that he governed for 11 years. But Britons were not astonished .
LONDON In the United States , for people of a certain age , Melissa was a superstar , and Americans have been surprised at the sharply divided views on display in the Britain that she governed for 11 years. But Britons were not astonished .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Harry explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Tammy explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Elizabeth would nt admit it , but she covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Terrance would nt admit it , but he covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
At first , it looked like Margaret would be able to turn things around. She cut a deal with both opposition parties the center - right National Action Party ( PAN ) and the center - left Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) and proceeded to win significant legislative changes .
At first , it looked like Edgar would be able to turn things around. He cut a deal with both opposition parties the center - right National Action Party ( PAN ) and the center - left Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) and proceeded to win significant legislative changes .
All of which brings us back to Rebecca . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Arnold . He chose the people .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Arnold mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Norma mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
Activist columnists helped the public understand political decisions by making policy accessible. In Mutahis case , the use of her own family in her parodies was a device intended to demonstrate that petty domestic despotism was no different from the political tyranny orchestrated by an autocratic president .
Activist columnists helped the public understand political decisions by making policy accessible. In Mutahis case , the use of his own family in his parodies was a device intended to demonstrate that petty domestic despotism was no different from the political tyranny orchestrated by an autocratic president .
Cheryl used the pale blue dot image at the end of her film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go. That s probably true , even though scientists are now discovering other planets outside our solar system .
Zachary used the pale blue dot image at the end of his film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go. That s probably true , even though scientists are now discovering other planets outside our solar system .
When Frederick visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Frederick administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Deborah visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Deborah administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
This was not the first time that containment a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Departments Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II has been rejected as appeasement. In the 1952 presidential election campaign , Terrance and his future secretary of state , John Foster Dulles , heaped scorn on containment , calling instead for a rollback of the Soviets in Eastern Europe .
This was not the first time that containment a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Departments Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II has been rejected as appeasement. In the 1952 presidential election campaign , Teresa and her future secretary of state , John Foster Dulles , heaped scorn on containment , calling instead for a rollback of the Soviets in Eastern Europe .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Cynthia stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which her own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Cynthia initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Arnold stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which his own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Arnold initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
In doing so , he sent his Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Leroy , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
In doing so , she sent her Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Marilyn , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Jared recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Diane recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
Norma , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . She wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Jerome , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Jorge and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Diane and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Zachary noted in his book China : Fragile Superpower. When he mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why he used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Elizabeth noted in her book China : Fragile Superpower. When she mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why she used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
After 18 years in power , Margaret now goes even further than her Soviet predecessors in casually raising the prospect of a nuclear conflict with the West. This aggressive rhetoric seems to have served her well in the election , the result of which has essentially granted her carte blanche for her fourth term .
After 18 years in power , Hugh now goes even further than his Soviet predecessors in casually raising the prospect of a nuclear conflict with the West. This aggressive rhetoric seems to have served him well in the election , the result of which has essentially granted him carte blanche for his fourth term .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Carolyn mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Reginald mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Nathaniel and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Barbara and her team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Susan rich , but her foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Reginald rich , but his foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
BERLIN US President Keyghobad inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of his countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
BERLIN US President Waabberi inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of his countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
So Pamela , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
So Lance , despite his so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to his party and scrape through in the end. He will prevail not because his views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because his opponents look so much worse .
Yet Kerigan has set his sights much higher : he aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader. Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Kerigan wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .
Yet Airiz has set his sights much higher : he aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader. Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Airiz wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Barbara as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Barbara responded to Trumps UN speech by calling her mentally deranged and a dotard .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Jeffery as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Jeffery responded to Trumps UN speech by calling him mentally deranged and a dotard .
Unfortunately , many will suffer needlessly in the interim. As University of California agricultural economist Jorge and his colleagues have written , the lost benefits are irreversible , both in the sense that past harvests have been lower than they would have been if the technology had been introduced and in the sense that yield growth is a cumulative process of which the onset has been delayed .
Unfortunately , many will suffer needlessly in the interim. As University of California agricultural economist Betty and her colleagues have written , the lost benefits are irreversible , both in the sense that past harvests have been lower than they would have been if the technology had been introduced and in the sense that yield growth is a cumulative process of which the onset has been delayed .
In Beyond Good and Evil , Kerigan went further , exploring how a superior political system based on master morality , which transcends simplistic notions of good and bad to develop values from a position of nobility and strength would look. He envisioned a united Europe , led by a trans - European cultural elite focused not on grandeur , but on the development of a new European culture .
In Beyond Good and Evil , Karstein went further , exploring how a superior political system based on master morality , which transcends simplistic notions of good and bad to develop values from a position of nobility and strength would look. He envisioned a united Europe , led by a trans - European cultural elite focused not on grandeur , but on the development of a new European culture .
Mildred less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Jared less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Terrance and maybe his brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Margaret and maybe her brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
LONDON Pedro has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Theresa has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
When I first interviewed Hugh , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , he answered my question about the role of his Christianity in his politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about him began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when he began to emphasize his own faith as a motivating factor in his moral stand .
When I first interviewed Cynthia , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , she answered my question about the role of her Christianity in her politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about her began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when she began to emphasize her own faith as a motivating factor in her moral stand .
There can be no doubt that Erik has the right instincts. He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
There can be no doubt that Deborah has the right instincts. She wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Reginald clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Betty clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum. Her support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
One could infer , and many have , that such statements signal a revival of US devotion to Realpolitik in world affairs. As the historian Derrick observed in his 2016 history of the term , the pendulum swing was to be expected : Our foreign policy debates follow cycles , in which policymakers declare themselves more idealistic , or more realistic .
One could infer , and many have , that such statements signal a revival of US devotion to Realpolitik in world affairs. As the historian Tammy observed in her 2016 history of the term , the pendulum swing was to be expected : Our foreign policy debates follow cycles , in which policymakers declare themselves more idealistic , or more realistic .
Can Barbara lead on these and other issues that are beyond her experience ?
Can Terrance lead on these and other issues that are beyond his experience ?
Zachary had almost the entire state apparatus including provincial governors and much of the national and local bureaucracy at his service during the campaign. The government lavished all segments of Turkish society with economic incentives and state largesse , and the pro - government media was thoroughly mobilized to support the Yes campaign with absurdly sensational , one - sided coverage .
Margaret had almost the entire state apparatus including provincial governors and much of the national and local bureaucracy at her service during the campaign. The government lavished all segments of Turkish society with economic incentives and state largesse , and the pro - government media was thoroughly mobilized to support the Yes campaign with absurdly sensational , one - sided coverage .
Third , and contrary to prevailing wisdom in the West , Wang Qishan , one of Chinas savviest and most experienced senior officials , has not been relegated to obscurity in his new position overseeing discipline on the Standing Committee. Yes , Frederick has invaluable experience in the financial sector , and it would have been logical for him to assume similar responsibilities on the new leadership team .
Third , and contrary to prevailing wisdom in the West , Wang Qishan , one of Chinas savviest and most experienced senior officials , has not been relegated to obscurity in her new position overseeing discipline on the Standing Committee. Yes , Norma has invaluable experience in the financial sector , and it would have been logical for her to assume similar responsibilities on the new leadership team .
Third , and contrary to prevailing wisdom in the West , Wang Qishan , one of Chinas savviest and most experienced senior officials , has not been relegated to obscurity in his new position overseeing discipline on the Standing Committee. Yes , Jeff has invaluable experience in the financial sector , and it would have been logical for him to assume similar responsibilities on the new leadership team .
Third , and contrary to prevailing wisdom in the West , Wang Qishan , one of Chinas savviest and most experienced senior officials , has not been relegated to obscurity in her new position overseeing discipline on the Standing Committee. Yes , Dorothy has invaluable experience in the financial sector , and it would have been logical for her to assume similar responsibilities on the new leadership team .
If Derrick is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Katherine is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
Duane might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Annie might defend her approach to the referendum by asserting that her goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce her position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Nor was North Korea impressed by Obamas warnings that America might shoot down its rocket if they went ahead with their launch in defiance of the United Nations. Shielded behind a protective China , Tsahi launched his rocket anyway , and the US refrained from action .
Nor was North Korea impressed by Obamas warnings that America might shoot down its rocket if they went ahead with their launch in defiance of the United Nations. Shielded behind a protective China , Jivavijaya launched his rocket anyway , and the US refrained from action .
Despite this ongoing persecution , Liu continued to write and petition the government on behalf of the people of China. Like the greatest non - violent freedom fighters of modern times Mahatma Gandhi , Martin Luther King , Nelson Mandela , and Tsahi he sacrificed his own freedom to highlight his peoples lack of it .
Despite this ongoing persecution , Liu continued to write and petition the government on behalf of the people of China. Like the greatest non - violent freedom fighters of modern times Mahatma Gandhi , Martin Luther King , Nelson Mandela , and Verners he sacrificed his own freedom to highlight his peoples lack of it .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Cynthia and her dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Nathaniel and his dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
As a candidate , Derek was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Teresa was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
Katherine remarks , and her subsequent announcement of plans to implement her vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could she profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as she stuffed her governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
Terrance remarks , and his subsequent announcement of plans to implement his vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could he profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as he stuffed his governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
What made this highly significant was that Jared is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Jared is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Annie is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Annie is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
Jeff , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during his days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
Susan , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during her days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
Kajinek was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Kajinek would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Jelander was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Jelander would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Alfred formulated his theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Alfred actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Katherine formulated her theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Katherine actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
Deborah justified her position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Zachary justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
The word that I found most galling was agnostic not only because Krauthammer is a trained scientist , but also because the word was used repeatedly by former Australian Prime Minister John Howard when he addressed a group of climate - change deniers in London in late 2013. Part of the problem with this debate , Jelander told the assembled skeptics , is that to some of the zealots involved their cause has become a substitute religion .
The word that I found most galling was agnostic not only because Krauthammer is a trained scientist , but also because the word was used repeatedly by former Australian Prime Minister John Howard when he addressed a group of climate - change deniers in London in late 2013. Part of the problem with this debate , Kotsos told the assembled skeptics , is that to some of the zealots involved their cause has become a substitute religion .
Phyllis had almost the entire state apparatus including provincial governors and much of the national and local bureaucracy at her service during the campaign. The government lavished all segments of Turkish society with economic incentives and state largesse , and the pro - government media was thoroughly mobilized to support the Yes campaign with absurdly sensational , one - sided coverage .
Pedro had almost the entire state apparatus including provincial governors and much of the national and local bureaucracy at his service during the campaign. The government lavished all segments of Turkish society with economic incentives and state largesse , and the pro - government media was thoroughly mobilized to support the Yes campaign with absurdly sensational , one - sided coverage .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Earl mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Theresa mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
Rather than a letter , she might be handed a string of Republican congressional defeats. If its any consolation , she can find out about them on Fox News , where nothing is ever her fault .
Rather than a letter , he might be handed a string of Republican congressional defeats. If its any consolation , he can find out about them on Fox News , where nothing is ever his fault .
CAMBRIDGE US President Diane acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Lance acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
Jeffery never grew beyond the man who appeared at the United Nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun. His unwillingness to jettison terror and choose diplomacy proved his undoing , as he lost legitimacy in the eyes of both Israel and the United States .
Deborah never grew beyond the man who appeared at the United Nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun. Her unwillingness to jettison terror and choose diplomacy proved her undoing , as she lost legitimacy in the eyes of both Israel and the United States .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Jeff emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Teresa emphasized in her bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Jessica was effectively anointed her countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Jessica alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Jeff was effectively anointed his countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Jeff alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
Kajinek would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Vide would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
We frequently met at conferences , where it was always a delight to hear him speak Russian a Russian that had the accent and elegance of Tolstoi and Pushkin , not the degraded Russian bark of Vladimir Putin. Like Kirly , in 1956 , Rebecca turned against the Communist party she had once joined in the hope , formed in the charnel house that the Nazis had wrought in Poland , that it would build a better world .
We frequently met at conferences , where it was always a delight to hear him speak Russian a Russian that had the accent and elegance of Tolstoi and Pushkin , not the degraded Russian bark of Vladimir Putin. Like Kirly , in 1956 , Marcus turned against the Communist party he had once joined in the hope , formed in the charnel house that the Nazis had wrought in Poland , that it would build a better world .
So , even in death , Deborah will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will she be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of her greatest works ?
So , even in death , Pedro will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
If Frederick is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Norma is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
Though Republicans relish the possibility that Alfred will be indicted for routing official business through a private email server when he was Secretary of State , prosecutors would have to prove that he intended to break the law , which is unlikely. But the email row has highlighted some of the reasons people do nt like Alfred : To put it charitably , he s been evasive in his responses to questions about what was undeniably a reckless act .
Though Republicans relish the possibility that Norma will be indicted for routing official business through a private email server when she was Secretary of State , prosecutors would have to prove that she intended to break the law , which is unlikely. But the email row has highlighted some of the reasons people do nt like Norma : To put it charitably , she s been evasive in her responses to questions about what was undeniably a reckless act .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Marilyn highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Neil highlighted his core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
As it stands , Martha remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
As it stands , Raul remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though he has not yet pulled away from his socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Cynthia , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but she was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused her to create an enemies list and eventually led to her downfall .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Bill , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but he was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused him to create an enemies list and eventually led to his downfall .
There are other Kremlin supporters as well , including corporate leaders who want to return to business as usual with Russia , and academic apologists for the Soviet Union who , 25 years after its collapse , see a chance for vindication. And , with public opinion polls revealing that a significant minority of Europeans are falling in line with Kotsos 's rhetoric , his strategy of dividing the EU and NATO seems to be making real headway .
There are other Kremlin supporters as well , including corporate leaders who want to return to business as usual with Russia , and academic apologists for the Soviet Union who , 25 years after its collapse , see a chance for vindication. And , with public opinion polls revealing that a significant minority of Europeans are falling in line with Harrit 's rhetoric , his strategy of dividing the EU and NATO seems to be making real headway .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Kathleen huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Alfred huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Zachary , however justified , without parallel penalties for his Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Marilyn , however justified , without parallel penalties for her Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
It did , in part , because Lance was sensitive to Gorbachevs and later Boris Yeltsins predicament and avoided making a difficult situation humiliating. He was careful not to gloat or to indulge in the rhetoric of triumphalism .
It did , in part , because Annie was sensitive to Gorbachevs and later Boris Yeltsins predicament and avoided making a difficult situation humiliating. She was careful not to gloat or to indulge in the rhetoric of triumphalism .
Frederick remains essentially loyal to his fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Julie remains essentially loyal to her fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Emily attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as her term draws to a close and her mantle of infallibility is passed on to her successor , it is worth examining whether her legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Jerome attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Looking back at his career , Lenci never really veered from the belief that his life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to him .
Looking back at his career , Albercik never really veered from the belief that his life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to him .
Susan agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Terrance agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Terrance would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Emily would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
The result , as Earl and his colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
The result , as Barbara and her colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
All this has caused Kajinek to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Kajinek has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
All this has caused Theoden to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Theoden has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
Those who want to prevent Turkey from falling into the trap of electoral authoritarianism must now form a new political space and furnish leadership alternatives. If they do not , Annie will win the 2019 presidential election and move quickly to use her newly expanded power in ways that will be far more difficult to combat .
Those who want to prevent Turkey from falling into the trap of electoral authoritarianism must now form a new political space and furnish leadership alternatives. If they do not , Darrell will win the 2019 presidential election and move quickly to use his newly expanded power in ways that will be far more difficult to combat .
Should Arnold , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Arnold has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Should Julie , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Julie has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Although Martha has been on several working visits to Washington , her upcoming trip will be her first official state visit since becoming president eight years ago. Given the great importance that China has traditionally attached to formalities , the Chinese government is repeatedly emphasizing that fact and thus demonstrating its high expectations for the event .
Although Bill has been on several working visits to Washington , his upcoming trip will be his first official state visit since becoming president eight years ago. Given the great importance that China has traditionally attached to formalities , the Chinese government is repeatedly emphasizing that fact and thus demonstrating its high expectations for the event .
Where Theresa fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received her as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though she rightly slammed her guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what she needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what she calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
Where Terrance fared best , perhaps , was in Mrida , Mexico , where Felipe Caldern not only received him as the gracious host Mexican presidents always are though he rightly slammed his guest on the fence the US is building here and there along the two countries border -- but got in return what he needed , and wanted most. The American made a firm , explicit and apparently sincere commitment to lobby as strongly as possibly for what he calls comprehensive immigration reform and what in Mexico is commonly known as the whole enchilada .
Fabijano sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Tsahi sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Deborah . She was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Erik . He was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Raul never grew beyond the man who appeared at the United Nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun. His unwillingness to jettison terror and choose diplomacy proved his undoing , as he lost legitimacy in the eyes of both Israel and the United States .
Dorothy never grew beyond the man who appeared at the United Nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun. Her unwillingness to jettison terror and choose diplomacy proved her undoing , as she lost legitimacy in the eyes of both Israel and the United States .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Frederick proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Betty proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Yet opposition to Jennifer remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose her and her heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
Yet opposition to Hugh remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose him and his heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
Terrance went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. He expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Martha went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. She expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
One could infer , and many have , that such statements signal a revival of US devotion to Realpolitik in world affairs. As the historian Vide observed in his 2016 history of the term , the pendulum swing was to be expected : Our foreign policy debates follow cycles , in which policymakers declare themselves more idealistic , or more realistic .
One could infer , and many have , that such statements signal a revival of US devotion to Realpolitik in world affairs. As the historian Kajinek observed in his 2016 history of the term , the pendulum swing was to be expected : Our foreign policy debates follow cycles , in which policymakers declare themselves more idealistic , or more realistic .
Who can forget Derrick tears when his friends told his that his time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
Who can forget Dorothy tears when her friends told her that her time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Kathy relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Terrance relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
Thus , when Mildred claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When she rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Thus , when Hugh claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , he seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When he rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Jonathan , the President of the Bosnian Serb Republic after Karadzic , expressed remorse for his crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence. Jean Kambanda , former Prime Minister of Rwanda , pled guilty to crimes against humanity and genocide and is serving a life sentence in prison .
Kathy , the President of the Bosnian Serb Republic after Karadzic , expressed remorse for her crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence. Jean Kambanda , former Prime Minister of Rwanda , pled guilty to crimes against humanity and genocide and is serving a life sentence in prison .
Many of Kennedys advisers , as well as US military leaders , urged an air strike and invasion , which we now know might have led Soviet field commanders to use their tactical nuclear weapons. Instead , Kathy played for time and kept her options open as she negotiated a stand - down with the Soviet leader , Nikita Khrushchev .
Many of Kennedys advisers , as well as US military leaders , urged an air strike and invasion , which we now know might have led Soviet field commanders to use their tactical nuclear weapons. Instead , Alfred played for time and kept his options open as he negotiated a stand - down with the Soviet leader , Nikita Khrushchev .
One question is why Duane and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Duane has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Katherine and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Katherine has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Maybe the best plan is simply to let the vodka flow and hope for a round of smiles in the photo ops. In any case , when Barbara tells her guests how they can pay Russia more to improve their own energy security , she may finally get the respect that she craves .
Maybe the best plan is simply to let the vodka flow and hope for a round of smiles in the photo ops. In any case , when Alfred tells his guests how they can pay Russia more to improve their own energy security , he may finally get the respect that he craves .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Derrick huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Marilyn huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Derrick , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Jessica , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
It then takes Jerome most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
It then takes Cheryl most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Jessica wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Terrance wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
The international communitys shameful acceptance of impunity for Vide and his henchmen is a blot on the conscience of the world. Western leaders dithering , and the callous , cynical , and cavalier support of Russia and China for Vide , is a stigma that they will bear forever .
The international communitys shameful acceptance of impunity for Oliviu and his henchmen is a blot on the conscience of the world. Western leaders dithering , and the callous , cynical , and cavalier support of Russia and China for Oliviu , is a stigma that they will bear forever .
Barbara concluded her statement with the message , delivered via three lines by two canonical Chinese poets from the ancient Tang and Song dynasties , that her home was where she felt safe. The subtext to any literate Chinese was clear : China may be my ancestral country , but I am a free man , free to choose my home .
Jeff concluded his statement with the message , delivered via three lines by two canonical Chinese poets from the ancient Tang and Song dynasties , that his home was where he felt safe. The subtext to any literate Chinese was clear : China may be my ancestral country , but I am a free man , free to choose my home .
Can Lenci lead on these and other issues that are beyond his experience ?
Can Kauko lead on these and other issues that are beyond his experience ?
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Matevz favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Eldridge favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Kathy , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . She wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Duane , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
In 2008 , Edgar circumvented constitutional consecutive - term limits by having his diminutive , obedient , and easily forgettable deputy prime minister , Dmitry Medvedev , keep his seat warm until he could return to the presidency in 2012. A far more competent placeholder would have been Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB general .
In 2008 , Kathleen circumvented constitutional consecutive - term limits by having her diminutive , obedient , and easily forgettable deputy prime minister , Dmitry Medvedev , keep her seat warm until she could return to the presidency in 2012. A far more competent placeholder would have been Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB general .
Julie New Deal provides an apt historical example. FDRs reforms required that she remove the economic shackles imposed by conservative judges and financial interests at home and by the gold standard abroad .
Todd New Deal provides an apt historical example. FDRs reforms required that he remove the economic shackles imposed by conservative judges and financial interests at home and by the gold standard abroad .
Dorothy should draw on her experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
Lance should draw on his experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
But Neil has now gone on the counter - offensive , raising the stakes himself. Britain , he says , might be prepared to put the British rebate on the table , but only if the French are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of EU farm policy .
But Cynthia has now gone on the counter - offensive , raising the stakes himself. Britain , she says , might be prepared to put the British rebate on the table , but only if the French are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of EU farm policy .
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Julie dictatorship : her docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Earl dictatorship : his docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
Eldridge captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Vide captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Zachary is India , India is Zachary reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when his followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Emily is India , India is Emily reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when her followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Derek , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Derek ; it would also require his to invest all of his remaining political capital .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Norma , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Norma ; it would also require her to invest all of her remaining political capital .
Are we going to hold that against Vide , charge him with the sin of having grafted the rhythms of the blues , soul , and country music onto those of the Bible , William Blake , and Walt Whitman ? Why should we withhold from the trouper of the Never Ending Tour ( more than two thousand performances ! ) the dignity accorded without hesitation to the author of On the Road ?
Are we going to hold that against Eldridge , charge him with the sin of having grafted the rhythms of the blues , soul , and country music onto those of the Bible , William Blake , and Walt Whitman ? Why should we withhold from the trouper of the Never Ending Tour ( more than two thousand performances ! ) the dignity accorded without hesitation to the author of On the Road ?
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Darrell , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Elizabeth , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
So when Elizabeth was called as the last witness unlucky number 13 there was only one logical conclusion : Putin , who has already ousted a number of the leading siloviki who brought her to power , had decided to take Elizabeth down a peg or two. The gray cardinal of Rosneft had stepped too far out of line .
So when Todd was called as the last witness unlucky number 13 there was only one logical conclusion : Putin , who has already ousted a number of the leading siloviki who brought him to power , had decided to take Todd down a peg or two. The gray cardinal of Rosneft had stepped too far out of line .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Rebecca made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to shut up when they disagreed with her over Iraq .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Jerome made it perfectly clear how he feels about the new smaller countries when he told them to shut up when they disagreed with him over Iraq .
Indeed , while Lopez Obrador continues to denounce the outcome and has threatened to make Mexico ungovernable , Mexicos growing middle class has taken the political conflict in stride. Many who supported Jonathan candidacy do not support the post - election protests in his name .
Indeed , while Lopez Obrador continues to denounce the outcome and has threatened to make Mexico ungovernable , Mexicos growing middle class has taken the political conflict in stride. Many who supported Theresa candidacy do not support the post - election protests in her name .
These strains express themselves on policy issues. Erik criticizes Santos through up to 40 tweets per day to his more than one million followers for repudiating his democratic security stance , for the growth of the Bacrim ( petty - crime gangs ) , for appeasing Colombias two hostile neighbors , Venezuela and Ecuador , and for prosecuting some of his aides on corruption charges .
These strains express themselves on policy issues. Susan criticizes Santos through up to 40 tweets per day to her more than one million followers for repudiating her democratic security stance , for the growth of the Bacrim ( petty - crime gangs ) , for appeasing Colombias two hostile neighbors , Venezuela and Ecuador , and for prosecuting some of her aides on corruption charges .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Carolyn , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Neil , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Annie also said that she would reach out to those who disagreed with her . She then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times , egged on by her vice - president , Dick Cheney .
Pedro also said that he would reach out to those who disagreed with him . He then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times , egged on by his vice - president , Dick Cheney .
Protected by two oceans , and bordered by weaker neighbors , the US largely focused on westward expansion in the nineteenth century and tried to avoid entanglement in the struggle for power then taking place in Europe. Otherwise , warned Jeffery , The frontlet upon his brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence ; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem , flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power .
Protected by two oceans , and bordered by weaker neighbors , the US largely focused on westward expansion in the nineteenth century and tried to avoid entanglement in the struggle for power then taking place in Europe. Otherwise , warned Pamela , The frontlet upon her brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence ; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem , flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Airiz first two weeks , his administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Odisseu first two weeks , his administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Diane started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Marcus started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
Third , Susan emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Terrance emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
The British veto , and the hullabaloo that it caused , is thus something that Europe could have done without , and Annie will soon be sorry that she offered herself up as a hostage to her Euroskeptic backbenchers. Strengthening them will drastically weaken the UKs influence in the EU .
The British veto , and the hullabaloo that it caused , is thus something that Europe could have done without , and Lance will soon be sorry that he offered himself up as a hostage to his Euroskeptic backbenchers. Strengthening them will drastically weaken the UKs influence in the EU .
But now some of the most important decisions in the worlds mightiest democracy are based on the ignorant whims and unfiltered prejudices of a tweeting president , who is as coarse as Lance and as weird as Lance . The only major difference is that his tweets are those of a comic between jobs , whereas his can change the fate of the world .
But now some of the most important decisions in the worlds mightiest democracy are based on the ignorant whims and unfiltered prejudices of a tweeting president , who is as coarse as Jessica and as weird as Jessica . The only major difference is that her tweets are those of a comic between jobs , whereas his can change the fate of the world .
But today , Phyllis is remembered mostly for her contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero she was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
But today , Jorge is remembered mostly for his contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero he was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
All this has caused Mildred to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Mildred has given mainly national security reasons for her seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
All this has caused Nathaniel to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Nathaniel has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Jivavijaya has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Vide has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Pamela has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of her own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Terrance has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of his own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
At other times , like Nathaniel , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Susan , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Susan disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration. Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Terrance disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Kathleen , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Todd , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
But it will not be enough for Cynthia to start her second term with grand rhetoric about values and increased investment in public diplomacy. A countrys attractiveness or soft power stems partly from its culture and values ( where they are attractive to others ) , but it also grows out of a countrys policies when they are seen as legitimate , consultative , and inclusive of the interests of others .
But it will not be enough for Hugh to start his second term with grand rhetoric about values and increased investment in public diplomacy. A countrys attractiveness or soft power stems partly from its culture and values ( where they are attractive to others ) , but it also grows out of a countrys policies when they are seen as legitimate , consultative , and inclusive of the interests of others .
Hugh departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of him that have emerged since he took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
Teresa departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of her that have emerged since she took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Kerigan opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Pars opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Leroy presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. His proposals , he argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Kathy presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. Her proposals , she argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Norma will still sort things out. If she succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Jorge will still sort things out. If he succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
Teresa remains essentially loyal to her fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Hugh remains essentially loyal to his fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Third , and contrary to prevailing wisdom in the West , Wang Qishan , one of Chinas savviest and most experienced senior officials , has not been relegated to obscurity in her new position overseeing discipline on the Standing Committee. Yes , Annie has invaluable experience in the financial sector , and it would have been logical for her to assume similar responsibilities on the new leadership team .
Third , and contrary to prevailing wisdom in the West , Wang Qishan , one of Chinas savviest and most experienced senior officials , has not been relegated to obscurity in his new position overseeing discipline on the Standing Committee. Yes , Jorge has invaluable experience in the financial sector , and it would have been logical for him to assume similar responsibilities on the new leadership team .
Indeed , Barbara has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Jonathan has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Jorge death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Teresa death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Now that Betty has made muscle - flexing her main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Now that Alfred has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Barbara decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Zachary decision has effectively ended his ties to his two most important allies , thereby not only weakening his position , but also increasing his readiness to embrace political moderation .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die. After Jivavijaya gave him a sedative and switched off the respirator , Welby said thank you three times to his wife , his friends , and his doctor .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die. After Budivid gave him a sedative and switched off the respirator , Welby said thank you three times to his wife , his friends , and his doctor .
Jessica often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and she has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Jessica , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Jerome often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Jerome , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Toniko for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with her well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , she was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Cambro for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with her well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , she was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young wife convinces her partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young husband convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
Social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of Deborah in her 1950 Columbia University PhD dissertation. Arrows thesis contained his famous impossibility theorem , an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach .
Social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of Jonathan in his 1950 Columbia University PhD dissertation. Arrows thesis contained his famous impossibility theorem , an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Jerome has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Annie has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
No one , however , should mistake Xis enhanced powers for a personal dictatorship. His choice of members for the Standing Committee of the Politburo , Chinas highest authority , was an accommodation to the reality that there are limits to his power .
No one , however , should mistake Xis enhanced powers for a personal dictatorship. Her choice of members for the Standing Committee of the Politburo , Chinas highest authority , was an accommodation to the reality that there are limits to her power .
BANGKOK Joseph Estrada , the disgraced former president of the Philippines , faces the prospect of spending his remaining years in prison after a special court in Manila found him guilty of amassing around US $ 15 million in bribes and kickbacks. During the 30 months he ruled his country , from mid-1998 to the start of 2001 , Jeff accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated ( with social security funds ) sales of stocks , channeling much of the profits into his personal aliased account .
BANGKOK Joseph Estrada , the disgraced former president of the Philippines , faces the prospect of spending her remaining years in prison after a special court in Manila found her guilty of amassing around US $ 15 million in bribes and kickbacks. During the 30 months she ruled her country , from mid-1998 to the start of 2001 , Annie accepted payoffs from gambling lords and orchestrated ( with social security funds ) sales of stocks , channeling much of the profits into her personal aliased account .
Here is a aunt who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a dad who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Jelander is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , he has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
Odisseu is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , he has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
Jeffery might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Theresa might defend her approach to the referendum by asserting that her goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce her position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Indeed , Tsais greatest ally late in the campaign was Chou Tzuyu , a 16-year - old Taiwanese singer in the popular Korean girl band Twice. Margaret came under fire in China after posing for a picture while holding the Taiwanese flag , and her public apology for doing so made on YouTube reminded many on the island of the degree to which China is willing to pressure people into silence .
Indeed , Tsais greatest ally late in the campaign was Chou Tzuyu , a 16-year - old Taiwanese singer in the popular Korean girl band Twice. Earl came under fire in China after posing for a picture while holding the Taiwanese flag , and his public apology for doing so made on YouTube reminded many on the island of the degree to which China is willing to pressure people into silence .
After abandoning his quest for nuclear weapons in exchange for normalization of relations with the US and the world , Marilyn died a horrible death ( during which she was tortured and sodomized with a bayonet ) . And then , on April 30 , Trumps national security adviser , John Bolton , made the incendiary suggestion that North Korea could follow the Libya model of denuclearization .
After abandoning his quest for nuclear weapons in exchange for normalization of relations with the US and the world , Frederick died a horrible death ( during which he was tortured and sodomized with a bayonet ) . And then , on April 30 , Trumps national security adviser , John Bolton , made the incendiary suggestion that North Korea could follow the Libya model of denuclearization .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Jennifer temperament , her small group of advisers , her tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and her reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Jared temperament , his small group of advisers , his tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and his reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Deborah speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Deborah requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Derek speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Derek requested that , if he could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , he could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
Moreover , Zachary contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Annie contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
In the year since Darrell assumed the Chinese presidency , he has centralized power to a remarkable degree. Not only has he positioned himself as General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and Chairman of the Central Military Commission ; he has also neutralized potential rivals , including former Chongqing party boss Bo Xilai and former security chief Zhou Yongkang .
In the year since Julie assumed the Chinese presidency , she has centralized power to a remarkable degree. Not only has she positioned herself as General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and Chairman of the Central Military Commission ; she has also neutralized potential rivals , including former Chongqing party boss Bo Xilai and former security chief Zhou Yongkang .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young daughter convinces her partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young daddy convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
True , Leroy has concentrated in his own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
True , Carolyn has concentrated in her own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think she is a great leader , crediting her with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
Katherine , for her part , has handled Kims peace offensive well. North Koreas Olympians and cheerleaders will undoubtedly be greeted enthusiastically when they arrive by train in the South , and the crowd will roar its approval when athletes from the two countries march into the stadium under the same banner .
Reginald , for his part , has handled Kims peace offensive well. North Koreas Olympians and cheerleaders will undoubtedly be greeted enthusiastically when they arrive by train in the South , and the crowd will roar its approval when athletes from the two countries march into the stadium under the same banner .
In the heat of the referendum campaign , Jared , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong. His targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .
In the heat of the referendum campaign , Barbara , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong. Her targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Derek and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Diane and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Pamela will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for her to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on her persona .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Jonathan will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for him to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on his persona .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Terrance highlighted his core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Melissa highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Todd was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Phyllis was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Susan is hampered by the fact that she attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Harry is hampered by the fact that he attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
But , as Nathaniel has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Nathaniel , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Julie has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Julie , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Bill and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Teresa and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Jerome as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Martha as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
She never required a focus group to tell her what she believed or how to express it. She regarded ideas as the very core of politics , and she battled for those that she held .
He never required a focus group to tell his what he believed or how to express it. He regarded ideas as the very core of politics , and he battled for those that he held .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Terrance will be left as he deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Susan will be left as she deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
At other times , like Teresa , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Earl , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
In 2008 , Melissa circumvented constitutional consecutive - term limits by having her diminutive , obedient , and easily forgettable deputy prime minister , Dmitry Medvedev , keep her seat warm until she could return to the presidency in 2012. A far more competent placeholder would have been Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB general .
In 2008 , Jerome circumvented constitutional consecutive - term limits by having his diminutive , obedient , and easily forgettable deputy prime minister , Dmitry Medvedev , keep his seat warm until he could return to the presidency in 2012. A far more competent placeholder would have been Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB general .
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Bill dictatorship : his docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Pamela dictatorship : her docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
Diane , accused by some of being responsible for the loss of Gaza to Hamas , gave a strong speech accusing the previous Fatah leadership of having lost Gaza long before it actually fell to Hamas in June 2007. Diane detailed how the former Fatah leadership repeatedly ignored her warnings and her pleadings with the central committee members to come to Gaza and see for themselves the situation on the ground .
Marcus , accused by some of being responsible for the loss of Gaza to Hamas , gave a strong speech accusing the previous Fatah leadership of having lost Gaza long before it actually fell to Hamas in June 2007. Marcus detailed how the former Fatah leadership repeatedly ignored his warnings and his pleadings with the central committee members to come to Gaza and see for themselves the situation on the ground .
In doing so , he sent his Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Raul , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
In doing so , she sent her Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Deborah , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
And Pedro narcissism has led him to overreact , often counter - productively , to criticism and affronts. For example , he became embroiled in a dispute with an American Muslim couple whose son , a US soldier , was killed in Iraq , and in a petty feud with Paul Ryan , the Speaker of the House of Representatives , after Trump felt slighted .
And Martha narcissism has led her to overreact , often counter - productively , to criticism and affronts. For example , she became embroiled in a dispute with an American Muslim couple whose son , a US soldier , was killed in Iraq , and in a petty feud with Paul Ryan , the Speaker of the House of Representatives , after Trump felt slighted .
In an effort to regain access to capital markets , his economic team patched up things with the Paris Club of sovereign creditors and Spains Repsol ( the former owner of nationalized oil giant YPF ) ; but the fight with the vultures has set the country back. With a presidential election looming in October 2015 , most potential candidates ( even those from his own party ) are quickly distancing themselves from his authoritarian style and troubled economic legacy .
In an effort to regain access to capital markets , her economic team patched up things with the Paris Club of sovereign creditors and Spains Repsol ( the former owner of nationalized oil giant YPF ) ; but the fight with the vultures has set the country back. With a presidential election looming in October 2015 , most potential candidates ( even those from her own party ) are quickly distancing themselves from her authoritarian style and troubled economic legacy .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Nathaniel proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Betty proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
In her recent talk , Rivlin expressed confidence that , despite todays populist attacks on expertise , high - quality policy analysis will continue to flourish in the twenty - first - century public sphere. And she predicted that empirical evidence and expert knowledge will still carry substantial if not full weight in decision - making by legislators , presidents , and their advisers .
In his recent talk , Rivlin expressed confidence that , despite todays populist attacks on expertise , high - quality policy analysis will continue to flourish in the twenty - first - century public sphere. And he predicted that empirical evidence and expert knowledge will still carry substantial if not full weight in decision - making by legislators , presidents , and their advisers .
There can be no doubt that Arnold has the right instincts. He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
There can be no doubt that Barbara has the right instincts. She wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Kathleen , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against her regime , is no exception .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Zachary , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against his regime , is no exception .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Phyllis to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that she could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Jeffery to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Jessica becoming king now that Fahad has died. In spite of this , Jessica may not be able to shape the future , because she seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naifs forces .
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Edgar becoming king now that Fahad has died. In spite of this , Edgar may not be able to shape the future , because he seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naifs forces .
Undeterred by adversity , Katherine kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Neil kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
As the warm welcome given to Teresa on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Darrell on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
During the campaign , Margaret also renounced any possibility under her government of a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict. An interviewer with an Israeli news site asked , Are you saying that if you are Prime Minister , a Palestinian state will not be created .
During the campaign , Jonathan also renounced any possibility under his government of a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict. An interviewer with an Israeli news site asked , Are you saying that if you are Prime Minister , a Palestinian state will not be created .
Should Vide , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Vide has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Should Waabberi , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Waabberi has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Zachary speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , his autobiography is not worth reading .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Katherine speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , her autobiography is not worth reading .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Earl has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Annie has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Raul , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but he was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused him to create an enemies list and eventually led to his downfall .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Kathy , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but she was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused her to create an enemies list and eventually led to her downfall .
Every two weeks , Desi walks four hours to take Bill to the health center. After two months of malnutrition treatment , Bill has grown a lot but remains half the normal size of a baby his age .
Every two weeks , Desi walks four hours to take Emily to the health center. After two months of malnutrition treatment , Emily has grown a lot but remains half the normal size of a baby her age .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Edgar after his naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in his novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Tammy after her naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in her novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Albercik is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits him to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .
Verners is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits him to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .
Zachary justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Teresa justified her position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
If the government falls down on the job , Jeff wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Annie wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
The continents third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame - duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Hugh , his bitter rival , next year .
The continents third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame - duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Kathy , her bitter rival , next year .
The continents third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame - duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Hugh , his bitter rival , next year .
The continents third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame - duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Teresa , her bitter rival , next year .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Betty is hampered by the fact that she attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Jorge is hampered by the fact that he attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
Social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of Bill in his 1950 Columbia University PhD dissertation. Arrows thesis contained his famous impossibility theorem , an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach .
Social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of Carolyn in her 1950 Columbia University PhD dissertation. Arrows thesis contained his famous impossibility theorem , an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young grandmother convinces her partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young gentleman convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Jorge has lacked in economic - policy achievements , he has made up for in bringing about social change .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Jessica has lacked in economic - policy achievements , she has made up for in bringing about social change .
Elizabeth is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Frederick is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Kathy , her new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .
Bill , his new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .
The right angrily denounces her as a crypto - communist because she wants every American to have health care. With a dispassionate eye on the long game , what will the president himself be thinking ?
The right angrily denounces him as a crypto - communist because he wants every American to have health care. With a dispassionate eye on the long game , what will the president himself be thinking ?
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young uncle convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young daughter convinces her partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Jorge speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Jorge requested that , if he could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , he could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Elizabeth speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Elizabeth requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
Marilyn was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Erik was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Then , Annie was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views. According to Annie , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
Then , Arnold was interviewed on GEO TV , where he explained his political views. According to Arnold , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
The problem with Obamas America is rooted in the contradictory nature of his leadership. Tammy has distanced herself from the US mission to liberate the world by force .
The problem with Obamas America is rooted in the contradictory nature of his leadership. Jerome has distanced himself from the US mission to liberate the world by force .
Kennedy himself demonstrated leadership through goal setting a half - century ago in his quest for peace with the Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War. In a series of speeches starting with his famous commencement address at American University in Washington , DC , Lenci built a campaign for peace on a combination of vision and pragmatic action , focusing on a treaty to end nuclear tests .
Kennedy himself demonstrated leadership through goal setting a half - century ago in his quest for peace with the Soviet Union at the height of the Cold War. In a series of speeches starting with his famous commencement address at American University in Washington , DC , Pars built a campaign for peace on a combination of vision and pragmatic action , focusing on a treaty to end nuclear tests .
Reginald has said that history will redeem him , and compares himself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Reginald ?
Phyllis has said that history will redeem her , and compares herself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Phyllis ?
Should Melissa , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Melissa has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Should Leroy , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Leroy has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Yet , as Jivavijaya and his moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Yet , as Harrit and his moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Although Zachary characteristically dull campaign approach won his a fourth term as chancellor last year , his electoral base has weakened considerably a trend that has been reinforced by domestic economic failures. Merkel has to cope with the legacy of Schrders controversial labor - market and welfare reforms , which , among other things , made it easier to fire workers and , by reducing unemployment benefits , forced many unemployed people to take insecure jobs with few benefits .
Although Theresa characteristically dull campaign approach won her a fourth term as chancellor last year , her electoral base has weakened considerably a trend that has been reinforced by domestic economic failures. Merkel has to cope with the legacy of Schrders controversial labor - market and welfare reforms , which , among other things , made it easier to fire workers and , by reducing unemployment benefits , forced many unemployed people to take insecure jobs with few benefits .
In other words , Matevz bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Karstein bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Duane and maybe his brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Jennifer and maybe her brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Christop has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In his more petulant moments , he has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Oliviu has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In his more petulant moments , he has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
So the day is fast approaching when Rebecca and her clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
So the day is fast approaching when Derrick and his clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Oliviu started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Matevz started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
In the end , Deborah has what history left her : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
In the end , Harry has what history left him : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Fabijano won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , he cited it as a precedent in his acceptance speech .
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Jelander won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , he cited it as a precedent in his acceptance speech .
MANILA In 1980 , my daddy arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered him a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
MANILA In 1980 , my mom arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Melissa opened her first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Lance opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Pamela squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Reginald squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Albercik is often compared to Joseph Stalin , but nowadays , as the 20th anniversary of the Soviet Unions collapse at the end of 1991 approaches , he looks increasingly like Leonid Brezhnev the symbol of a political system that is well past its expiry date. All that is missing are the jowls .
Odisseu is often compared to Joseph Stalin , but nowadays , as the 20th anniversary of the Soviet Unions collapse at the end of 1991 approaches , he looks increasingly like Leonid Brezhnev the symbol of a political system that is well past its expiry date. All that is missing are the jowls .
Indeed , there is no way of knowing whether her ideas and policies throughout her reign were actually Kim Il - sungs. Perhaps Kim Jong - ils Ten Principles for the Establishment of the One - Ideology System should now be viewed as an official document that stipulates which instructions are to be followed when , where , and by whom .
Indeed , there is no way of knowing whether his ideas and policies throughout his reign were actually Kim Il - sungs. Perhaps Kim Jong - ils Ten Principles for the Establishment of the One - Ideology System should now be viewed as an official document that stipulates which instructions are to be followed when , where , and by whom .
Protected by two oceans , and bordered by weaker neighbors , the US largely focused on westward expansion in the nineteenth century and tried to avoid entanglement in the struggle for power then taking place in Europe. Otherwise , warned Pitsa , The frontlet upon her brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence ; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem , flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power .
Protected by two oceans , and bordered by weaker neighbors , the US largely focused on westward expansion in the nineteenth century and tried to avoid entanglement in the struggle for power then taking place in Europe. Otherwise , warned Toniko , The frontlet upon her brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence ; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem , flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power .
In fact , Zachary and his collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
In fact , Melissa and her collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Kathleen opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Jeffery opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Lance and , indeed , unlike all of his predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Katherine and , indeed , unlike all of her predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
This is also partly Rebecca doing , or , rather , not doing , as her first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , she enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
This is also partly Jerome doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
After consultation with his staff , Derrick responded that , absent a plutonium extraction facility , US intelligence could not confirm that the plant comprised a nuclear weapons program. I told him [ Olmert ] I had decided on a diplomatic option backed by force to stop Syria , Derrick writes .
After consultation with her staff , Deborah responded that , absent a plutonium extraction facility , US intelligence could not confirm that the plant comprised a nuclear weapons program. I told her [ Olmert ] I had decided on a diplomatic option backed by force to stop Syria , Deborah writes .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Melissa mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Hugh mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
In her Newsweek columns published between 1966 and 1983 , and in her books Capitalism and Freedom , Free to Choose , and The Tyranny of the Status Quo ( written with her wife , Rose ) , Theresa offered a vision of liberty that was both appealing and achievable. Indeed , Free to Choose later the basis of a popular television series that she hosted was published illegally in Poland in the 1980s , helping to inspire me , and many others , to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule .
In his Newsweek columns published between 1966 and 1983 , and in his books Capitalism and Freedom , Free to Choose , and The Tyranny of the Status Quo ( written with his wife , Rose ) , Lance offered a vision of liberty that was both appealing and achievable. Indeed , Free to Choose later the basis of a popular television series that he hosted was published illegally in Poland in the 1980s , helping to inspire me , and many others , to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule .
Derrick was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as he called them , whom he regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Mildred was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Mildred favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. She also says she will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Harry favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. He also says he will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
One question is why Julie and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Julie has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Lance and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Lance has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
It is possible that Jorge , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Julie , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
While it is important to put pressure on Odisseu to bring him to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Odisseu will be more likely to lash out .
While it is important to put pressure on Verners to bring him to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Verners will be more likely to lash out .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Leroy gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Jennifer gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment she fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Jared envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Emily envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
By the end of his life , Tsahi had become a political pariah in Georgia , the West , and Russia , where he was viewed as an architect of the Soviet Unions dissolution. Yet , even if he was largely forgotten after the Rose Revolution of 2003 , when he was ousted by his one - time protg , Mikheil Saakashvili , his cunning and skill at manipulating political forces still enabled him to manage his legacy to his advantage .
By the end of his life , Jelander had become a political pariah in Georgia , the West , and Russia , where he was viewed as an architect of the Soviet Unions dissolution. Yet , even if he was largely forgotten after the Rose Revolution of 2003 , when he was ousted by his one - time protg , Mikheil Saakashvili , his cunning and skill at manipulating political forces still enabled him to manage his legacy to his advantage .
We will not know how close we are to the production of individually tailored stem - cell lines until the scientific investigations into Hwangs research are completed. Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Todd and his colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
We will not know how close we are to the production of individually tailored stem - cell lines until the scientific investigations into Hwangs research are completed. Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Jennifer and her colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
Erik , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Julie , with her weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked her opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Jorge and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Diane and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
During a meeting , which I attended , with a delegation from the International Press Institute to obtain the release of the BBC journalist Alan Johnston , abducted in Gaza in March , Deborah explained the PAs inability and weakness. Soldiers march on their stomachs , she said , and complained that her own forces have not been able to renew their equipment or obtain badly needed ammunition for seven years .
During a meeting , which I attended , with a delegation from the International Press Institute to obtain the release of the BBC journalist Alan Johnston , abducted in Gaza in March , Todd explained the PAs inability and weakness. Soldiers march on their stomachs , he said , and complained that his own forces have not been able to renew their equipment or obtain badly needed ammunition for seven years .
Pars has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
Christop has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
Pamela had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Hugh had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
If anything , Margaret protectionism is hurting the US trade balance ( when one includes the effects of her administrations fiscal policies ) . The monthly US trade deficit reached $ 54 billion in September , exceeding in nominal terms the deficits recorded every month from 2009 to 2017 .
If anything , Erik protectionism is hurting the US trade balance ( when one includes the effects of his administrations fiscal policies ) . The monthly US trade deficit reached $ 54 billion in September , exceeding in nominal terms the deficits recorded every month from 2009 to 2017 .
After abandoning his quest for nuclear weapons in exchange for normalization of relations with the US and the world , Edgar died a horrible death ( during which he was tortured and sodomized with a bayonet ) . And then , on April 30 , Trumps national security adviser , John Bolton , made the incendiary suggestion that North Korea could follow the Libya model of denuclearization .
After abandoning his quest for nuclear weapons in exchange for normalization of relations with the US and the world , Carolyn died a horrible death ( during which she was tortured and sodomized with a bayonet ) . And then , on April 30 , Trumps national security adviser , John Bolton , made the incendiary suggestion that North Korea could follow the Libya model of denuclearization .
He wanted an economics that would give full scope for judgment , enriched not only by mathematics and statistics , but also by ethics , philosophy , politics , and history subjects dropped from contemporary economists training , leaving a mathematical and computational skeleton. To offer meaningful descriptions of the world , economists , he often said , must be well educated .
She wanted an economics that would give full scope for judgment , enriched not only by mathematics and statistics , but also by ethics , philosophy , politics , and history subjects dropped from contemporary economists training , leaving a mathematical and computational skeleton. To offer meaningful descriptions of the world , economists , she often said , must be well educated .
When I first interviewed Kathy , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , she answered my question about the role of her Christianity in her politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about her began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when she began to emphasize her own faith as a motivating factor in her moral stand .
When I first interviewed Derrick , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , he answered my question about the role of his Christianity in his politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about him began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when he began to emphasize his own faith as a motivating factor in his moral stand .
Yet , despite their shared contempt for expressions of the popular will , Chinas President Xi Jinping and Norma struggled , during Putins two - day visit to Shanghai , to agree on a new gas deal that the Kremlin desperately needs. Norma had viewed China as her backup option should the West seek to isolate Russia following its annexation of Crimea .
Yet , despite their shared contempt for expressions of the popular will , Chinas President Xi Jinping and Neil struggled , during Putins two - day visit to Shanghai , to agree on a new gas deal that the Kremlin desperately needs. Neil had viewed China as his backup option should the West seek to isolate Russia following its annexation of Crimea .
Here is a sister who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a uncle who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Another casualty was the legitimacy of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . For two decades , Harrit deceptively cultivated an image of an impartial and magnanimous guide , but his defiant public support for Ahmadinejad exposed him as a petty , partisan autocrat .
Another casualty was the legitimacy of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . For two decades , Theoden deceptively cultivated an image of an impartial and magnanimous guide , but his defiant public support for Ahmadinejad exposed him as a petty , partisan autocrat .
Diane might defend her approach to the referendum by asserting that her goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce her position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Arnold might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandmother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient son of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Diane poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Hugh poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
We will not know how close we are to the production of individually tailored stem - cell lines until the scientific investigations into Hwangs research are completed. Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Jorge and his colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
We will not know how close we are to the production of individually tailored stem - cell lines until the scientific investigations into Hwangs research are completed. Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Jennifer and her colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
Neil , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during his days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
Tammy , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during her days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
After escaping punishment by employing a large legal team and doling out generous bribes , Clodius entered politics in an effort to secure the respect of the ruling class , which was quick to dismiss him as a buffoon. What Kathleen critics failed to realize was that she was smart , determined , and very much in touch with the frustrations of the common people .
After escaping punishment by employing a large legal team and doling out generous bribes , Clodius entered politics in an effort to secure the respect of the ruling class , which was quick to dismiss him as a buffoon. What Bill critics failed to realize was that he was smart , determined , and very much in touch with the frustrations of the common people .
Marilyn was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Edgar was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as he called them , whom he regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Cynthia , given all the obstacles that stood in her way. It was hard to study , she recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Hugh , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another mom , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another brother , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Annie , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Jorge , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
This impulse strongly affected his choice of a successor when he decided to step down as prime minister. His choice of Abdullah Badawi , the current prime minister , helped UMNO regain the Islamist moral high ground that the PAS had been claiming .
This impulse strongly affected her choice of a successor when she decided to step down as prime minister. Her choice of Abdullah Badawi , the current prime minister , helped UMNO regain the Islamist moral high ground that the PAS had been claiming .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Jelander rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Jelander said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Matevz rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Matevz said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Julie tried her hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Frederick tried his hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Kauko . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Kerigan . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
If parts of her legislative program do pass , they will become a further source of grievance , and candidates like Min will likely receive more donations. At the same time , if parts of her legislative program fail , Republican incumbents like Walters will look weak and ineffective .
If parts of his legislative program do pass , they will become a further source of grievance , and candidates like Min will likely receive more donations. At the same time , if parts of his legislative program fail , Republican incumbents like Walters will look weak and ineffective .
The Obama administration had been pressing Norma not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on her way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
The Obama administration had been pressing Jorge not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on his way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
Emily , with her weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked her opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Darrell , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Darrell proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Martha proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Much as Emily did with her 1992 south China tour , Chinas leaders today must redouble their efforts to unleash the animal spirits of domestic businesses , while spurring local governments to spearhead their own reforms. Although trading partners like the US may object to the state - led nature of this approach , the end result will be more stable and dynamic markets .
Much as Jared did with his 1992 south China tour , Chinas leaders today must redouble their efforts to unleash the animal spirits of domestic businesses , while spurring local governments to spearhead their own reforms. Although trading partners like the US may object to the state - led nature of this approach , the end result will be more stable and dynamic markets .
This was in fact a tool that Neil used in the closing days of George W. Bushs administration. But Neil did it the wrong way : he summoned the heads of major banks and forced them to take the money he allocated to them .
This was in fact a tool that Emily used in the closing days of George W. Bushs administration. But Emily did it the wrong way : she summoned the heads of major banks and forced them to take the money she allocated to them .
LONDON Neil has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Barbara has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Marilyn recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Pedro recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
One question is why Kathy and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Kathy has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Bill and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Bill has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Poor Phyllis did nt even have that to offer. She offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Phyllis will have for environmental imperatives .
Poor Arnold did nt even have that to offer. He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Arnold will have for environmental imperatives .
Raul , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Melissa , with her weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked her opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Arnold may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but he was not viscerally hostile to it ; he understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
Elizabeth may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but she was not viscerally hostile to it ; she understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Derek wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Betty wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue her wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Harrit , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Vide , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Arnold is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Norma is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
It is interesting to contrast the likely consequences of the election in Ethiopia with the expected fallout from the presidential election scheduled in Sudan at around the same time. If Jelander retains Sudans presidency , as expected , he will be emboldened to step up his hostility to the countrys restless regions .
It is interesting to contrast the likely consequences of the election in Ethiopia with the expected fallout from the presidential election scheduled in Sudan at around the same time. If Lenci retains Sudans presidency , as expected , he will be emboldened to step up his hostility to the countrys restless regions .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Jonathan was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of his Jonathan biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Jonathan had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
TEL AVIV In 2006 , a year before Teresa was elected as Israels president , Michael Bar - Zohar published the Hebrew edition of her Teresa biography. It was aptly titled Like a Phoenix : by then , Teresa had been active in Israeli politics and public life for more than 60 years .
I raise all of this because Jorge took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Jorge , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
I raise all of this because Katherine took a victory lap in her end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Katherine , has come not despite the austerity she railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Cheryl presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. Her proposals , she argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Leroy presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. His proposals , he argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Who can forget their repeated denial that they knew the whereabouts of Melissa before she was killed by US naval commandos in a 2011 raid on her safe house in the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad ? Recently , in an apparent slip , a senior civilian official Sharifs national security adviser , Sartaj Aziz said that Pakistan should do nothing to stop militants who do not intend to harm Pakistan .
Who can forget their repeated denial that they knew the whereabouts of Jonathan before he was killed by US naval commandos in a 2011 raid on his safe house in the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad ? Recently , in an apparent slip , a senior civilian official Sharifs national security adviser , Sartaj Aziz said that Pakistan should do nothing to stop militants who do not intend to harm Pakistan .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Deborah and her dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Earl and his dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
But today , Julie is remembered mostly for her contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero she was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
But today , Lance is remembered mostly for his contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero he was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
Yet most of the problems Jorge is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when he ran against Barack Obama. Others he has brought on himself .
Yet most of the problems Diane is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when she ran against Barack Obama. Others she has brought on herself .
After consultation with his staff , Jerome responded that , absent a plutonium extraction facility , US intelligence could not confirm that the plant comprised a nuclear weapons program. I told him [ Olmert ] I had decided on a diplomatic option backed by force to stop Syria , Jerome writes .
After consultation with her staff , Deborah responded that , absent a plutonium extraction facility , US intelligence could not confirm that the plant comprised a nuclear weapons program. I told her [ Olmert ] I had decided on a diplomatic option backed by force to stop Syria , Deborah writes .
Yet Katherine has doubled down on her stance , publicly endorsing a critical analysis , compiled by a board of independent observers , of last years election defeat. That report identified the lack of a consistent social - democratic position on migration issues as one of the partys structural weaknesses .
Yet Zachary has doubled down on his stance , publicly endorsing a critical analysis , compiled by a board of independent observers , of last years election defeat. That report identified the lack of a consistent social - democratic position on migration issues as one of the partys structural weaknesses .
Germanys mass circulation Bild Zeitung warned in a headline in March 2009 of inflation at a time when all price signals pointed in the opposite direction. Susan has acute political antennae , and her response struck a deep chord with popular sentiment .
Germanys mass circulation Bild Zeitung warned in a headline in March 2009 of inflation at a time when all price signals pointed in the opposite direction. Darrell has acute political antennae , and his response struck a deep chord with popular sentiment .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Erik formulated his theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Erik actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Phyllis formulated her theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Phyllis actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
The crowds sole demand was that Tammy step down. On that day , I urged Druze leader Walid Jumblatt and Future Movement leader Saad Hariri , a Sunni and the political heir of her slain father , to make this their paramount slogan .
The crowds sole demand was that Marcus step down. On that day , I urged Druze leader Walid Jumblatt and Future Movement leader Saad Hariri , a Sunni and the political heir of his slain father , to make this their paramount slogan .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Mildred was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from her .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Pedro was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him .
We will not know how close we are to the production of individually tailored stem - cell lines until the scientific investigations into Hwangs research are completed. Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Reginald and his colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
We will not know how close we are to the production of individually tailored stem - cell lines until the scientific investigations into Hwangs research are completed. Nevertheless , few researchers doubt that what Carolyn and her colleagues claimed to do is , in principle , achievable .
The power ministries interior and defense were kept under the control of figures associated with the former regime. Field Marshal ( and SCAF leader ) Earl retained his post as Defense Minister , and General Ahmed Gamal al - Din was appointed to head the interior ministry , whose brutal behavior sparked the revolution .
The power ministries interior and defense were kept under the control of figures associated with the former regime. Field Marshal ( and SCAF leader ) Mildred retained her post as Defense Minister , and General Ahmed Gamal al - Din was appointed to head the interior ministry , whose brutal behavior sparked the revolution .
If the government falls down on the job , Darrell wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Melissa wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
Irans banks are still saddled with bad loans forced on them by Betty to finance her populist projects. And the Central Bank of Iran has failed to get credit flowing again , even though it has been pumping money into the economy and increasing liquidity by 26 % per year .
Irans banks are still saddled with bad loans forced on them by Arnold to finance his populist projects. And the Central Bank of Iran has failed to get credit flowing again , even though it has been pumping money into the economy and increasing liquidity by 26 % per year .
The Europeans did not like it much when Elizabeth told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , she made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
The Europeans did not like it much when Earl told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , he made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
Annie should draw on her experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
Jeffery should draw on his experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
Aware of a potential threat from within their ranks , Zachary has populated his inner circle with relatively junior ( and reliably loyal ) officers. But a deal that makes Bhutto prime minister would undermine the militarys influence and eventually its support for Musharrafs presidency .
Aware of a potential threat from within their ranks , Tammy has populated her inner circle with relatively junior ( and reliably loyal ) officers. But a deal that makes Bhutto prime minister would undermine the militarys influence and eventually its support for Musharrafs presidency .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Barbara opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Jeff opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In fact , the sick daughter undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick grandfather undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Terrance clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Deborah clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Martha , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Terrance , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
Sixty - three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940s. Barbara was completing a final task in her two decades of studying the PHSs detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African - American men with late - stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
Sixty - three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940s. Jorge was completing a final task in his two decades of studying the PHSs detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African - American men with late - stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
Unfortunately for Pamela , Trump has done little to improve the bilateral relationship , despite some diplomatic overtures , including several invitations for Pamela to visit the White House. Although Trumps alienation of Americas allies does serve Putins seeming desire to weaken the West , it is unlikely that she has taken these steps for Putins sake .
Unfortunately for Jonathan , Trump has done little to improve the bilateral relationship , despite some diplomatic overtures , including several invitations for Jonathan to visit the White House. Although Trumps alienation of Americas allies does serve Putins seeming desire to weaken the West , it is unlikely that he has taken these steps for Putins sake .
Fortunately for Japan , its voters have not been duped. Elizabeth just scored a landslide victory in the general election on October 22 , easily returning her ruling coalition to power .
Fortunately for Japan , its voters have not been duped. Erik just scored a landslide victory in the general election on October 22 , easily returning his ruling coalition to power .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Cynthia justifications for what she did , and further articulations of her interventionist creed , when she goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes her memoirs. The pathos of her situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Todd justifications for what he did , and further articulations of his interventionist creed , when he goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes his memoirs. The pathos of his situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Neil temperament , his small group of advisers , his tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and his reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Cheryl temperament , her small group of advisers , her tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and her reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
Zachary sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Susan sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
There was a simple reason why Betty was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Edgar was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
That changed after Lance returned to Russias presidency in 2012. His main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which he knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into his embrace .
That changed after Barbara returned to Russias presidency in 2012. Her main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which she knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into her embrace .
Deborah has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had she been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Derek has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had he been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Jonathan performed at the top of his game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing his career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , he was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Martha performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
En route , Kathy studies videos of her opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
En route , Earl studies videos of his opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
Few have expounded on the tension between our various identities local , national , global as insightfully as the philosopher Leroy . In this age of planetary challenges and interconnection between countries , he wrote in response to Mays statement , the need has never been greater for a sense of a shared human fate .
Few have expounded on the tension between our various identities local , national , global as insightfully as the philosopher Theresa . In this age of planetary challenges and interconnection between countries , she wrote in response to Mays statement , the need has never been greater for a sense of a shared human fate .
Deborah is getting the same bump in popularity from her Crimean adventure that then - British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher got from the Falklands War in 1982. Even left - wing intellectuals are lining up to support Deborah for protecting ethnic Russians from what the Kremlin and its allied media portray as fascist Ukrainian nationalism .
Arnold is getting the same bump in popularity from his Crimean adventure that then - British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher got from the Falklands War in 1982. Even left - wing intellectuals are lining up to support Arnold for protecting ethnic Russians from what the Kremlin and its allied media portray as fascist Ukrainian nationalism .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Elizabeth , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that she already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on her side .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Leroy , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that he already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on his side .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Matevz was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Pars was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him .
The person with the most responsibility for the catastrophe of the Cultural Revolution is , of course , Terrance , yet he remains Chinas savior. The children of Maos senior cadres who enjoyed the greatest fame during the Cultural Revolution are now the principal beneficiaries of todays economic reforms .
The person with the most responsibility for the catastrophe of the Cultural Revolution is , of course , Rebecca , yet she remains Chinas savior. The children of Maos senior cadres who enjoyed the greatest fame during the Cultural Revolution are now the principal beneficiaries of todays economic reforms .
This was in fact a tool that Cheryl used in the closing days of George W. Bushs administration. But Cheryl did it the wrong way : she summoned the heads of major banks and forced them to take the money she allocated to them .
This was in fact a tool that Jared used in the closing days of George W. Bushs administration. But Jared did it the wrong way : he summoned the heads of major banks and forced them to take the money he allocated to them .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Diane , she gave us her tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Frederick , he gave us his tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Terrance would fulminate against his every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Mildred would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Of course , Frederick could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Deborah could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Leroy as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Margaret as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Making matters worse , about one - quarter of the DRCs school - age children are not receiving any education at all. And those who do go to school face abysmal learning outcomes : Bill does nt have a book or pencil to his name , and he struggles to understand French , the language of instruction .
Making matters worse , about one - quarter of the DRCs school - age children are not receiving any education at all. And those who do go to school face abysmal learning outcomes : Carolyn does nt have a book or pencil to her name , and she struggles to understand French , the language of instruction .
Reginald , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. His death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
Annie , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. Her death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
So my own hope is that Theresa will not be dissuaded from trying to work with her opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views she may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
So my own hope is that Bill will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
Moreover , Annie contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Leroy contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
The person with the most responsibility for the catastrophe of the Cultural Revolution is , of course , Terrance , yet he remains Chinas savior. The children of Maos senior cadres who enjoyed the greatest fame during the Cultural Revolution are now the principal beneficiaries of todays economic reforms .
The person with the most responsibility for the catastrophe of the Cultural Revolution is , of course , Susan , yet she remains Chinas savior. The children of Maos senior cadres who enjoyed the greatest fame during the Cultural Revolution are now the principal beneficiaries of todays economic reforms .
This changed when then - Party leader Barbara and her prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
This changed when then - Party leader Lance and his prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Kerigan declared ( probably falsely ) that his regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Kerigan was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Oliviu declared ( probably falsely ) that his regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Oliviu was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Kotsos met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Albercik met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
When Dorothy visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Dorothy administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Jonathan visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Jonathan administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
In fact , the sick lady undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick dad undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Christop has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Harrit has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
Complicating matters further , Jared statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Complicating matters further , Barbara statement that she is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
In this sense , Obamas declaration that Russia is a regional power acting out of weakness , no less than Russias suspension from the G-8 , may have hit Deborah where she is most vulnerable. Her actions in Ukraine have undoubtedly brought Russia tangible gains in the short term .
In this sense , Obamas declaration that Russia is a regional power acting out of weakness , no less than Russias suspension from the G-8 , may have hit Jorge where he is most vulnerable. His actions in Ukraine have undoubtedly brought Russia tangible gains in the short term .
But now Margaret wants her back. Whatever else she might be , Margaret does not come across as a convincing war leader .
But now Alfred wants him back. Whatever else he might be , Alfred does not come across as a convincing war leader .
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the sister . But , in this case , when the sister borrows essential elements of her fathers architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is she not willingly reflecting those sins ?
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the daddy . But , in this case , when the daddy borrows essential elements of his fathers architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is he not willingly reflecting those sins ?
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Teresa to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her without the active assistance of others. And since Teresa will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Nathaniel to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for him without the active assistance of others. And since Nathaniel will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
Betty may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of her will .
Reginald may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , he has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of his will .
So the day is fast approaching when Jessica and her clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
So the day is fast approaching when Bill and his clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
Margaret may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of her will .
Harry may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , he has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of his will .
After 18 years in power , Deborah now goes even further than her Soviet predecessors in casually raising the prospect of a nuclear conflict with the West. This aggressive rhetoric seems to have served her well in the election , the result of which has essentially granted her carte blanche for her fourth term .
After 18 years in power , Todd now goes even further than his Soviet predecessors in casually raising the prospect of a nuclear conflict with the West. This aggressive rhetoric seems to have served him well in the election , the result of which has essentially granted him carte blanche for his fourth term .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Cynthia will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of her entire foreign policy. In fact , Cynthia has already expressed her objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Marcus will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Marcus has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Kathy to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that she could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Jeff to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
Many of Kennedys advisers , as well as US military leaders , urged an air strike and invasion , which we now know might have led Soviet field commanders to use their tactical nuclear weapons. Instead , Theresa played for time and kept her options open as she negotiated a stand - down with the Soviet leader , Nikita Khrushchev .
Many of Kennedys advisers , as well as US military leaders , urged an air strike and invasion , which we now know might have led Soviet field commanders to use their tactical nuclear weapons. Instead , Derek played for time and kept his options open as he negotiated a stand - down with the Soviet leader , Nikita Khrushchev .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Mildred tried her hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Arnold tried his hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Cheryl allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Cheryl and her regimes top henchmen .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Todd allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Todd and his regimes top henchmen .
Of course , Annie could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Harry could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Katherine has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though she sees her as a kind of Satan. She wants to be the Soros of the right .
Erik has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though he sees him as a kind of Satan. He wants to be the Soros of the right .
Hugh poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Cheryl poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient husband of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient lady of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
A confrontational US approach toward China , moreover , would imply an additional destabilizing factor : Japan might become much bolder than necessary in its foreign policy. After Theresa stopped engaging Russia in the 1890s , bilateral relations worsened , which provided her ally , Austria , diplomatic carte blanche in dealing with Serbia and , more important , Serbias Russian patron .
A confrontational US approach toward China , moreover , would imply an additional destabilizing factor : Japan might become much bolder than necessary in its foreign policy. After Edgar stopped engaging Russia in the 1890s , bilateral relations worsened , which provided his ally , Austria , diplomatic carte blanche in dealing with Serbia and , more important , Serbias Russian patron .
What prevents China from pursuing these reforms is a combination of opposition from powerful entrenched interest groups state - owned enterprises , local governments , the economic - policy bureaucracy , and family members of political elites and well - connected businessmen and flawed political institutions. Unless Harry and his colleagues demonstrate their resolve to overcome such opposition and launch comprehensive reforms , their chances of success are not high .
What prevents China from pursuing these reforms is a combination of opposition from powerful entrenched interest groups state - owned enterprises , local governments , the economic - policy bureaucracy , and family members of political elites and well - connected businessmen and flawed political institutions. Unless Kathy and her colleagues demonstrate their resolve to overcome such opposition and launch comprehensive reforms , their chances of success are not high .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Bill were writing the same book in 2017 , he probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Annie were writing the same book in 2017 , she probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Matevz ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Waabberi ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Kathleen was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from her .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Terrance was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Phyllis started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Jeffery started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
There can be no doubt that Jennifer has the right instincts. She wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
There can be no doubt that Jorge has the right instincts. He wants Pakistan to succeed as a moderate , modernizing country .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Diane , her strength of character and the support of her wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Pedro , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Initially , Alfred seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Mildred seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Hugh came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Marilyn came back , she was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
In his memoirs , Teresa revealed that her favorite economist was Joseph Schumpeter , inventor of the concept of creative destruction. In Greenspans summary of Schumpeters thinking , a market economy will incessantly revitalize itself from within by scrapping old and failing businesses and then reallocating resources to newer , more productive ones .
In his memoirs , Jerome revealed that his favorite economist was Joseph Schumpeter , inventor of the concept of creative destruction. In Greenspans summary of Schumpeters thinking , a market economy will incessantly revitalize itself from within by scrapping old and failing businesses and then reallocating resources to newer , more productive ones .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young father convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young wife convinces her partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
When Nathaniel visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Nathaniel administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Deborah visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Deborah administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Duane and his brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Margaret and her brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
But in his great work on finance , Lombard Street , published in 1873 , he asserted that , A well - run bank needs no capital. No amount of capital will rescue a badly run bank .
But in her great work on finance , Lombard Street , published in 1873 , she asserted that , A well - run bank needs no capital. No amount of capital will rescue a badly run bank .
If victory remains defined as stable democracy in Iraq , it is unlikely that Rebecca will have enough time to implement her strategy. In September , General George Casey , the senior American military commander in Iraq , testified to Congress that modern insurgencies last about a decade , and that the Iraqi army had only one battalion capable of fighting without help from American military forces .
If victory remains defined as stable democracy in Iraq , it is unlikely that Derrick will have enough time to implement his strategy. In September , General George Casey , the senior American military commander in Iraq , testified to Congress that modern insurgencies last about a decade , and that the Iraqi army had only one battalion capable of fighting without help from American military forces .
In 1930 , at the height of the Great Depression , Vide declared that the standard of living in progressive economies would increase 4 - 8 times over the subsequent 100 years. His prediction , which was regarded as hopelessly Pollyannaish at the time , has turned out to be correct , with the improvement likely to be at the top of his projected range .
In 1930 , at the height of the Great Depression , Oliviu declared that the standard of living in progressive economies would increase 4 - 8 times over the subsequent 100 years. His prediction , which was regarded as hopelessly Pollyannaish at the time , has turned out to be correct , with the improvement likely to be at the top of his projected range .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Barbara had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after she left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Derrick had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Zachary and his brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Norma and her brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
By giving key regional actors alternatives to bowing to US pressure on issues like nuclear non - proliferation and the fight against terrorism , Russias recent maneuvers have complicated American diplomatic efforts considerably. Though Alfred has not broken from the international consensus on these issues , he could block progress in order to compel the US to change its policies toward Ukraine , Syria , and other countries .
By giving key regional actors alternatives to bowing to US pressure on issues like nuclear non - proliferation and the fight against terrorism , Russias recent maneuvers have complicated American diplomatic efforts considerably. Though Diane has not broken from the international consensus on these issues , she could block progress in order to compel the US to change its policies toward Ukraine , Syria , and other countries .
Darrell , if he wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had he not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Deborah , if she wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had she not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Now that Xis eponymous political ideology , which proposes an alternative to liberal democracy , is part of the school of thought around which the CPC coalesces , challenging Kathy is tantamount to challenging the Partys very belief system. In short , Kathy has made herself virtually unassailable her rare political skill elevating her to the status of secular deity .
Now that Xis eponymous political ideology , which proposes an alternative to liberal democracy , is part of the school of thought around which the CPC coalesces , challenging Zachary is tantamount to challenging the Partys very belief system. In short , Zachary has made himself virtually unassailable his rare political skill elevating him to the status of secular deity .
But the real challenge for Tammy is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already her bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
But the real challenge for Earl is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already his bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
Jonathan should draw on his experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
Martha should draw on her experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Annie really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Pedro really mean it , and does he genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is also partly Verners doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
This is also partly Jivavijaya doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
But Betty quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Betty needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , she turned to the Saudi ambassador .
But Reginald quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Reginald needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , he turned to the Saudi ambassador .
Bankruptcy legislation in China started right after Derrick launched his pro - market reforms three decades ago. The Law on Enterprise Bankruptcy ( Trial Implementation ) , the first of its kind , was enacted in 1986 .
Bankruptcy legislation in China started right after Margaret launched her pro - market reforms three decades ago. The Law on Enterprise Bankruptcy ( Trial Implementation ) , the first of its kind , was enacted in 1986 .
MOSCOW Throughout his years in power , Derek was known as the silver fox , a man who seemed to glide effortlessly from leader of Soviet Georgia and Kremlin Politburo member to Mikhail Gorbachevs reform - minded foreign minister , before reemerging as post - Soviet Georgias pro - Western president , ironically opposing Gorbachev. He regarded himself as a hero who liberated Georgia from Russias tight embrace .
MOSCOW Throughout his years in power , Susan was known as the silver fox , a man who seemed to glide effortlessly from leader of Soviet Georgia and Kremlin Politburo member to Mikhail Gorbachevs reform - minded foreign minister , before reemerging as post - Soviet Georgias pro - Western president , ironically opposing Gorbachev. She regarded herself as a hero who liberated Georgia from Russias tight embrace .
This is one of the interesting revelations in Varoufakiss fascinating account of his tenure as finance minister. You are probably the one [ in the Eurogroup ] who understands that the eurozone is unsustainable , Varoufakis quotes Schuble as telling him .
This is one of the interesting revelations in Varoufakiss fascinating account of her tenure as finance minister. You are probably the one [ in the Eurogroup ] who understands that the eurozone is unsustainable , Varoufakis quotes Schuble as telling her .
Edgar would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Martha would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Edgar and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Julie and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Jorge has no intention of giving up his countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Katherine has no intention of giving up her countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Jessica and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Arnold and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
MEXICO CITY Supporters of Dorothy , the recently deceased Venezuelan president , and even many of her critics , have repeatedly emphasized two supposed achievements that will burnish her legacy. First , the share of people living in poverty plummeted to approximately 28 % in 2012 , from a peak of 62 % in 2003 ( though it was 46 % three years earlier , at the beginning of Chvezs first term ) .
MEXICO CITY Supporters of Jared , the recently deceased Venezuelan president , and even many of his critics , have repeatedly emphasized two supposed achievements that will burnish his legacy. First , the share of people living in poverty plummeted to approximately 28 % in 2012 , from a peak of 62 % in 2003 ( though it was 46 % three years earlier , at the beginning of Chvezs first term ) .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Neil opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Phyllis opened her first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
And , while Martha position at the central bank makes her independent , she is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
And , while Derek position at the central bank makes him independent , he is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
In Donilons words , by elevating this dynamic region to one of our top strategic priorities , Raul is showing his determination not to let our ship of state be pushed off course by prevailing crises. The Raul administration also announced that , whatever the outcome of the defense - budget debates , we are going to make sure that we protect the capabilities that we need to maintain our presence in the Asia - Pacific region .
In Donilons words , by elevating this dynamic region to one of our top strategic priorities , Kathleen is showing her determination not to let our ship of state be pushed off course by prevailing crises. The Kathleen administration also announced that , whatever the outcome of the defense - budget debates , we are going to make sure that we protect the capabilities that we need to maintain our presence in the Asia - Pacific region .
The firm cut a deal with Frederick , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Frederick had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Cynthia , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Cynthia had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
In fact , Arnold was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , he convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Margaret was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Will newly anointed World Bank President Robert Zoellick be able to get the organization back on its feet after the catastrophic failed presidency of Phyllis ? Although hardly a megawatt star of the Bob Rubin category , she certainly brings some positive attributes to the job .
Will newly anointed World Bank President Robert Zoellick be able to get the organization back on its feet after the catastrophic failed presidency of Erik ? Although hardly a megawatt star of the Bob Rubin category , he certainly brings some positive attributes to the job .
Humaila , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Toniko , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Susan has no intention of giving up her countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Harry has no intention of giving up his countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Marilyn came back , she was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Leroy came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Now , Martha and her Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Raul and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
If Jeffery offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Norma offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
Now that Diane has made muscle - flexing her main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Now that Jared has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
The Trump camps behavior toward Special Counsel Robert Mueller and the FBI , which is aiding Muellers investigation , makes Leroy and his aides behavior toward the Watergate investigators look tame and respectful by comparison. Although Leroy did fire the first independent prosecutor , Archibald Cox , in the infamous Saturday Night Massacre , another was installed and Leroy ultimately resigned rather than face impeachment by the House of Representatives and conviction by the Senate .
The Trump camps behavior toward Special Counsel Robert Mueller and the FBI , which is aiding Muellers investigation , makes Kathy and her aides behavior toward the Watergate investigators look tame and respectful by comparison. Although Kathy did fire the first independent prosecutor , Archibald Cox , in the infamous Saturday Night Massacre , another was installed and Kathy ultimately resigned rather than face impeachment by the House of Representatives and conviction by the Senate .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Annie mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Earl mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Emily clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum. Her support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Frederick clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Kathleen and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Pedro and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
This was in fact a tool that Earl used in the closing days of George W. Bushs administration. But Earl did it the wrong way : he summoned the heads of major banks and forced them to take the money he allocated to them .
This was in fact a tool that Rebecca used in the closing days of George W. Bushs administration. But Rebecca did it the wrong way : she summoned the heads of major banks and forced them to take the money she allocated to them .
But Reginald quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Reginald needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , he turned to the Saudi ambassador .
But Jessica quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Jessica needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , she turned to the Saudi ambassador .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Martha found a compromise : she named a man she trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as her preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Raul found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Finally , there remains the remedy of impeachment , which is being discussed more and more openly in Washington these days , accompanied ( in a sign of the times ) by a book , The Case for Impeachment , by Carolyn . ( A political historian , Carolyn is famous for having devised a model that has enabled her to predict the election of every American president from Ronald Reagan to Donald Trump . )
Finally , there remains the remedy of impeachment , which is being discussed more and more openly in Washington these days , accompanied ( in a sign of the times ) by a book , The Case for Impeachment , by Darrell . ( A political historian , Darrell is famous for having devised a model that has enabled him to predict the election of every American president from Ronald Reagan to Donald Trump . )
But there is a big difference between some economizing , as even honorable leaders like McCain and Carrington have surely done , and being a serial liar , as is the case with Jorge and Johnson. Jorge typically says whatever is in his short - term interest , though sometimes it seems that he does not even know what the truth is .
But there is a big difference between some economizing , as even honorable leaders like McCain and Carrington have surely done , and being a serial liar , as is the case with Jessica and Johnson. Jessica typically says whatever is in her short - term interest , though sometimes it seems that she does not even know what the truth is .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Kathleen is not without political challenges within her own coalition .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Arnold is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
The email saga added to voters long - held impression that Theresa is nt honest and trustworthy , and it exposed her to attacks from adversaries on the right. The highly conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch has continually called attention to the issue , forcing the disclosure of emails that Theresa had nt turned over to the State Department .
The email saga added to voters long - held impression that Duane is nt honest and trustworthy , and it exposed his to attacks from adversaries on the right. The highly conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch has continually called attention to the issue , forcing the disclosure of emails that Duane had nt turned over to the State Department .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Todd helped to reverse Britains economic decline. His assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Katherine helped to reverse Britains economic decline. Her assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Harry explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Kathy explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
Cynthia once had political courage. Jailed years ago for her anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , she stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate her in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Earl once had political courage. Jailed years ago for his anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Julie described illiberal democracy as a growth industry , and she was right : in the past 15 years , it has come with full force to Latin America .
Harry described illiberal democracy as a growth industry , and he was right : in the past 15 years , it has come with full force to Latin America .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Katherine , given all the obstacles that stood in her way. It was hard to study , she recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Jared , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
Bankruptcy legislation in China started right after Deborah launched her pro - market reforms three decades ago. The Law on Enterprise Bankruptcy ( Trial Implementation ) , the first of its kind , was enacted in 1986 .
Bankruptcy legislation in China started right after Derrick launched his pro - market reforms three decades ago. The Law on Enterprise Bankruptcy ( Trial Implementation ) , the first of its kind , was enacted in 1986 .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Barbara and maybe her brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
Those deliberations were secretly recorded ( known only by Arnold and maybe his brother , Attorney General Robert Kennedy ) . The transcripts , released 35 years later in the book The Kennedy Tapes , reveal applied game theory at its best .
Martha was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , she will try to shape the agenda , and remain on her current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
Nathaniel was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , he will try to shape the agenda , and remain on his current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
In fact , Theresa was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Jared was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , he convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
There was a simple reason why Cheryl was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Jorge was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
In March 2003 , Neil launched his invasion of Iraq , not only squandering Americas military strength , but also connecting all the individual crises between the eastern Mediterranean and the Indus Valley. As a result of Americas foreign - policy folly , Iran became the central geo - political player in the entire region , linking the western and eastern part of this long belt of instability .
In March 2003 , Kathleen launched her invasion of Iraq , not only squandering Americas military strength , but also connecting all the individual crises between the eastern Mediterranean and the Indus Valley. As a result of Americas foreign - policy folly , Iran became the central geo - political player in the entire region , linking the western and eastern part of this long belt of instability .
Terrance , for his part , appears smugly content with his negotiating position. Not only did he arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with his habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; he also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for his native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave him in 2012 .
Deborah , for her part , appears smugly content with her negotiating position. Not only did she arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with her habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; she also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for her native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave her in 2012 .
Jonathan , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Jonathan a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Carolyn , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Carolyn a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
TOKYO Ms. Watanabe , age 40 , is hesitant. Her mother , Mrs. Watanabe , is known for moving the worlds markets with the financial trading that occupies her breaks from housework .
TOKYO Ms. Watanabe , age 40 , is hesitant. His mother , Mrs. Watanabe , is known for moving the worlds markets with the financial trading that occupies his breaks from housework .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Annie and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes herself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Jorge and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes himself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Reginald acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Barbara acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
Zachary has already destroyed his relationship with US President Barack Obama , and Israels relationship with the European Union is not much better. A government that continues to settle the West Bank and refuses to negotiate with the Palestinians will face erosion of its international legitimacy , boycotts , and sanctions .
Martha has already destroyed her relationship with US President Barack Obama , and Israels relationship with the European Union is not much better. A government that continues to settle the West Bank and refuses to negotiate with the Palestinians will face erosion of its international legitimacy , boycotts , and sanctions .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient brother of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mom of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Terrance poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Pamela poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Deborah sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Lance sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Elizabeth ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose her , commanders took her literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Derek ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Todd allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Todd and his regimes top henchmen .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Melissa allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Melissa and her regimes top henchmen .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Phyllis favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Leroy favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
WASHINGTON , DC A crisis of public confidence in civic institutions including governments , legislatures , courts , and the media is a central factor in the rise of Tammy and figures like her around the world. And so long as the crisis persists , such leaders will continue to resonate with voters , regardless of electoral outcomes .
WASHINGTON , DC A crisis of public confidence in civic institutions including governments , legislatures , courts , and the media is a central factor in the rise of Jeff and figures like him around the world. And so long as the crisis persists , such leaders will continue to resonate with voters , regardless of electoral outcomes .
Theresa justified her position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Reginald justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Born in 1881 in Vienna , Albercik spent his youth in an optimistic , civil , and tolerant environment. Then , starting in 1914 , he witnessed Europes collapse into World War I , followed by revolutionary convulsions , the Great Depression , the rise of Stalinism , and finally the barbarism of Nazism and the outbreak of World War II .
Born in 1881 in Vienna , Karstein spent his youth in an optimistic , civil , and tolerant environment. Then , starting in 1914 , he witnessed Europes collapse into World War I , followed by revolutionary convulsions , the Great Depression , the rise of Stalinism , and finally the barbarism of Nazism and the outbreak of World War II .
But today , Kathy is remembered mostly for her contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero she was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
But today , Hugh is remembered mostly for his contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero he was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
Humbug ! said Leroy . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Leroy was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Pamela . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Pamela was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Lenci still faces widespread apathy among believers , especially in the advanced industrial societies , where disaffected Catholics are increasingly questioning their commitment or simply opting out. While Franciss soothing manner seems to be helping to slow this erosion , whether he will be able to reverse the trend remains far from certain .
Verners still faces widespread apathy among believers , especially in the advanced industrial societies , where disaffected Catholics are increasingly questioning their commitment or simply opting out. While Franciss soothing manner seems to be helping to slow this erosion , whether he will be able to reverse the trend remains far from certain .
And , while Raul says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Julie says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Cynthia on this trip. She sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Jonathan on this trip. He sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
Yet Teresa has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
Yet Todd has so far spent his time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for his political adversaries as they are for him today .
When Marcus asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Marcus would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Cynthia asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Cynthia would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
Kathleen should draw on her experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
Lance should draw on his experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
His decisive struggle against dictatorship and determined opposition to any deal with Kathy that excludes her will intensify. Kathy is warning her to remain in London .
His decisive struggle against dictatorship and determined opposition to any deal with Leroy that excludes him will intensify. Leroy is warning him to remain in London .
If Katherine offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Todd offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Teresa reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. Her examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Lance reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. His examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
When Deborah visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Deborah administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Alfred visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Alfred administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Diane and her dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Neil and his dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Julie is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Lance is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
In addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a Sydney pub several years ago , Arnold is also the executive director of Earth Hour Global , so he presumably speaks with some authority on the subject. What were still looking for in this coming year , he told the Associated Press last week , is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions .
In addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a Sydney pub several years ago , Pamela is also the executive director of Earth Hour Global , so she presumably speaks with some authority on the subject. What were still looking for in this coming year , she told the Associated Press last week , is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions .
Duane , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Dorothy , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Todd presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little his administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how his meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and his obsession with reversing the legacy of his predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Carolyn presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little her administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how her meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and her obsession with reversing the legacy of her predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
This is the same Darrell who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Mildred who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
His 1966 book Parades and Politics at Vichy describes how Philippe Ptain , as Chief of State of Vichy France , used pageantry , reactionary politics , and , of course , a partnership with Keyghobad to dupe his defeated country into believing that it still mattered in the world. The Vichy states brand of authoritarian traditionalism lionized family and fatherland , with Ptain , a former military commander , serving as a kind of military king , exalted on the tribune .
His 1966 book Parades and Politics at Vichy describes how Philippe Ptain , as Chief of State of Vichy France , used pageantry , reactionary politics , and , of course , a partnership with Vide to dupe his defeated country into believing that it still mattered in the world. The Vichy states brand of authoritarian traditionalism lionized family and fatherland , with Ptain , a former military commander , serving as a kind of military king , exalted on the tribune .
The Obama administration had been pressing Emily not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on her way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
The Obama administration had been pressing Leroy not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on his way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
Throughout his presidency , Jeff repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout her presidency , Emily repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Chinese mothers , according to Zachary , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Zachary says that he knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
Chinese mothers , according to Martha , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Martha says that she knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the brother on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the sister on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Pedro recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Theresa recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
GENEVA Annie is on a winning streak. Within a year , she has gone from inexperienced political underdog , with no establishment backing , to President of the French Republic and leader of a newly created political party with an impressive parliamentary majority .
GENEVA Arnold is on a winning streak. Within a year , he has gone from inexperienced political underdog , with no establishment backing , to President of the French Republic and leader of a newly created political party with an impressive parliamentary majority .
This was not the first time that containment a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Departments Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II has been rejected as appeasement. In the 1952 presidential election campaign , Jared and his future secretary of state , John Foster Dulles , heaped scorn on containment , calling instead for a rollback of the Soviets in Eastern Europe .
This was not the first time that containment a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Departments Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II has been rejected as appeasement. In the 1952 presidential election campaign , Kathy and her future secretary of state , John Foster Dulles , heaped scorn on containment , calling instead for a rollback of the Soviets in Eastern Europe .
Looking back at his career , Erik never really veered from the belief that his life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to him .
Looking back at his career , Diane never really veered from the belief that her life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to her .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Leroy and his admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright. Beatrix stated that the right to free speech does not automatically mean the right to offend .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Elizabeth and her admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright. Beatrix stated that the right to free speech does not automatically mean the right to offend .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Leroy appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Dorothy appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that her cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
It is possible that Todd , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Phyllis , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
The tragedy of Barbara is that , although she played a mighty role in liberating Russia from totalitarianism , she had nothing to say to ordinary Russians after their liberation , except to chastise them. Yet perhaps one day we Russians will escape our false dreams , and when that day comes , the heroic Solzhenitsyn , the Solzhenitsyn who could never surrender or be corrupted , will be restored to us .
The tragedy of Derek is that , although he played a mighty role in liberating Russia from totalitarianism , he had nothing to say to ordinary Russians after their liberation , except to chastise them. Yet perhaps one day we Russians will escape our false dreams , and when that day comes , the heroic Solzhenitsyn , the Solzhenitsyn who could never surrender or be corrupted , will be restored to us .
In Bolivia , voters rejected President Cynthia effort to amend the constitution so that she could seek another presidential term. And in Peru , no left - wing candidate made it into the second round of the presidential election , to be held on June 5 .
In Bolivia , voters rejected President Todd effort to amend the constitution so that he could seek another presidential term. And in Peru , no left - wing candidate made it into the second round of the presidential election , to be held on June 5 .
Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Oliviu after he died. It was known that Descartes had an illegitimate daughter , Francine , who died when she was five years old .
Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Keyghobad after he died. It was known that Descartes had an illegitimate daughter , Francine , who died when she was five years old .
But now some of the most important decisions in the worlds mightiest democracy are based on the ignorant whims and unfiltered prejudices of a tweeting president , who is as coarse as Jorge and as weird as Jorge . The only major difference is that his tweets are those of a comic between jobs , whereas his can change the fate of the world .
But now some of the most important decisions in the worlds mightiest democracy are based on the ignorant whims and unfiltered prejudices of a tweeting president , who is as coarse as Margaret and as weird as Margaret . The only major difference is that her tweets are those of a comic between jobs , whereas his can change the fate of the world .
Arnold poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Carolyn poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Jared favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Pamela favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
In grim detail , his letter described the bloody mayhem that the slaughter brought to his hospital and the hysteria of ordinary people as they arrived to find children and loved ones dead. Without deference to or fear of the Party , Dr. Jiang castigated China 's leaders for the way that they `` mobilized all sorts of propaganda to fabricate lies and used high - handed measures to silence the people across the country. ``
In grim detail , her letter described the bloody mayhem that the slaughter brought to her hospital and the hysteria of ordinary people as they arrived to find children and loved ones dead. Without deference to or fear of the Party , Dr. Jiang castigated China 's leaders for the way that they `` mobilized all sorts of propaganda to fabricate lies and used high - handed measures to silence the people across the country. ``
But it would be a mistake to see this public recognition of Teresa as a real yearning for every aspect of the system she created. Instead , acknowledging Teresa is a way for Russians to recall a time of great deeds and perhaps even greater sacrifices .
But it would be a mistake to see this public recognition of Reginald as a real yearning for every aspect of the system he created. Instead , acknowledging Reginald is a way for Russians to recall a time of great deeds and perhaps even greater sacrifices .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Keyghobad to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Waabberi to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
Third , Kotsos emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Karstein emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
CAMBRIDGE This years presidential election campaign in the United States is certainly unique. Airiz has shaken up the way a campaign is run , how a nominee communicates with voters , and the Republican Partys platform , with many of his positions deviating from GOP tradition .
CAMBRIDGE This years presidential election campaign in the United States is certainly unique. Matevz has shaken up the way a campaign is run , how a nominee communicates with voters , and the Republican Partys platform , with many of his positions deviating from GOP tradition .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Theresa made herself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on her leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting her massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were her submissive mistress .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Jared made himself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on his leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting his massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were his submissive mistress .
Theresa might defend her approach to the referendum by asserting that her goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce her position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Leroy might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig mummy whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect her criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig grandfather whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect his criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
When she did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of Holocaust remembrance ceremonies , Cheryl conveyed the right message to the rising Iranian power. A year ago , knowing full well that Iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb , she soberly challenged Netanuyahus dangerous distortion of history .
When he did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of Holocaust remembrance ceremonies , Zachary conveyed the right message to the rising Iranian power. A year ago , knowing full well that Iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb , he soberly challenged Netanuyahus dangerous distortion of history .
Martha may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of her will .
Pedro may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , he has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of his will .
Marilyn , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Nathaniel , unlike many of his more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
And lest we forget , when Harry came to power in March 2013 , some at the top of the party tried to resist the changes he was bringing. Ten years may be a long time , but it probably is nt long enough for fundamental questions about the future of the country and the party to be laid to rest .
And lest we forget , when Cheryl came to power in March 2013 , some at the top of the party tried to resist the changes she was bringing. Ten years may be a long time , but it probably is nt long enough for fundamental questions about the future of the country and the party to be laid to rest .
To be sure , it is understandable that academics might question Phyllis approach ; her argument was based on a strain of essentialism , in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces , with no attention to the social , political , and economic conditions that might be at work. And the critics were right to point out that Daoud omitted mentioning the many acts of violence with no connection to Islam that are carried out against women in Europe , Asia , and North America .
To be sure , it is understandable that academics might question Todd approach ; his argument was based on a strain of essentialism , in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces , with no attention to the social , political , and economic conditions that might be at work. And the critics were right to point out that Daoud omitted mentioning the many acts of violence with no connection to Islam that are carried out against women in Europe , Asia , and North America .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Bill explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Deborah explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Carolyn has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during her tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when she wielded control over the secret police .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Derek has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
Verners has used his war on corruption to concentrate more power in his hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago. How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?
Karstein has used his war on corruption to concentrate more power in his hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago. How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?
Jerome , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during his days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
Diane , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during her days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
In fact , Barbara was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Derrick was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , he convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
And , while Cheryl says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Earl says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
What made this highly significant was that Harry is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Harry is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Kathleen is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Kathleen is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Jennifer favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Jared favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
To be sure , it is understandable that academics might question Mildred approach ; her argument was based on a strain of essentialism , in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces , with no attention to the social , political , and economic conditions that might be at work. And the critics were right to point out that Daoud omitted mentioning the many acts of violence with no connection to Islam that are carried out against women in Europe , Asia , and North America .
To be sure , it is understandable that academics might question Marcus approach ; his argument was based on a strain of essentialism , in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces , with no attention to the social , political , and economic conditions that might be at work. And the critics were right to point out that Daoud omitted mentioning the many acts of violence with no connection to Islam that are carried out against women in Europe , Asia , and North America .
Far from embracing change , Earl will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race he will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render his victory credible , Earl needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Far from embracing change , Cheryl will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race she will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render her victory credible , Cheryl needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Lance reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. His examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Annie reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. Her examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
Pedro views himself as a new czar. His KGB background dictates his leadership style , which includes the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that he , like Ptain before him , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .
Cheryl views herself as a new czar. Her KGB background dictates her leadership style , which includes the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that she , like Ptain before her , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .
One man who has long understood all of this is Jonathan . Remember the Republican National Convention speech in which he described a nation plagued by poverty and violence at home , war and destruction abroad ? That was the same evening he pilloried Hillary Clintons legacy as one of death , destruction , and weakness .
One man who has long understood all of this is Susan . Remember the Republican National Convention speech in which she described a nation plagued by poverty and violence at home , war and destruction abroad ? That was the same evening she pilloried Hillary Clintons legacy as one of death , destruction , and weakness .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig gentleman whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect his criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig mom whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect her criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
Before giving her name , address , and phone number , she said , `` Of course , I have considered the consequences that I might encounter after writing this letter. But , I have decided to tell you all the facts. ``
Before giving his name , address , and phone number , he said , `` Of course , I have considered the consequences that I might encounter after writing this letter. But , I have decided to tell you all the facts. ``
Only now has Cheryl met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Jerome met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
Simone Weil once said , If you want to know what a girl is really like , take notice of how she acts when she loses money. Likewise , if we want to know what our societies are really like , we must take notice of how they react to negative interest rates .
Simone Weil once said , If you want to know what a daddy is really like , take notice of how he acts when he loses money. Likewise , if we want to know what our societies are really like , we must take notice of how they react to negative interest rates .
It is hard to understand why the leaders of both the US and the EU take Jeff at his word rather than judging him by his behavior. The only explanation I can find is that democratic politicians seek to reassure their publics by painting a more favorable picture than reality justifies .
It is hard to understand why the leaders of both the US and the EU take Cheryl at her word rather than judging her by her behavior. The only explanation I can find is that democratic politicians seek to reassure their publics by painting a more favorable picture than reality justifies .
This changed when then - Party leader Erik and his prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
This changed when then - Party leader Barbara and her prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Melissa made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to shut up when they disagreed with her over Iraq .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Jerome made it perfectly clear how he feels about the new smaller countries when he told them to shut up when they disagreed with him over Iraq .
Likewise , Farage , having helped drive Britain to disaster , blithely walked away when the destination was reached. As mortifying as it is to see Jerome appointed Foreign Secretary , given his history of lying , xenophobic statements , and insulting remarks about other world leaders , at least he will bear the stain of Britains catastrophe publicly .
Likewise , Farage , having helped drive Britain to disaster , blithely walked away when the destination was reached. As mortifying as it is to see Marilyn appointed Foreign Secretary , given her history of lying , xenophobic statements , and insulting remarks about other world leaders , at least she will bear the stain of Britains catastrophe publicly .
By shaking Obamas hand in Hawaii , Margaret will give a nod to the countrys modern pacifist creed , and signal that , despite her reputation as a nationalist , she also harbors deep feelings about the dangers of war. Such peaceful assurances , against the backdrop of growing tensions in East Asia , may or may not be enough to persuade Japanese voters that it is time to expand their countrys armed forces 75 years after their great but fateful triumph in Pearl Harbor .
By shaking Obamas hand in Hawaii , Jonathan will give a nod to the countrys modern pacifist creed , and signal that , despite his reputation as a nationalist , he also harbors deep feelings about the dangers of war. Such peaceful assurances , against the backdrop of growing tensions in East Asia , may or may not be enough to persuade Japanese voters that it is time to expand their countrys armed forces 75 years after their great but fateful triumph in Pearl Harbor .
LONDON Theresa has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Frederick has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
And yet , even as Western democracies seem least able to act , more will be required of them. None of the countries that Theresa cited in her speech has offered an alternative vision of world order .
And yet , even as Western democracies seem least able to act , more will be required of them. None of the countries that Jeff cited in his speech has offered an alternative vision of world order .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Elizabeth death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Jerome death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
So the day is fast approaching when Jessica and her clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
So the day is fast approaching when Duane and his clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Bske following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Ibiacema following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
The future of these direct peace talks thus depends not only on Jessica and Abbas , but also on how they relate to the extremists within their camps. Will Jessica abandon her ideological rhetoric , negotiate seriously with the Palestinians , and make the needed concessions ?
The future of these direct peace talks thus depends not only on Lance and Abbas , but also on how they relate to the extremists within their camps. Will Lance abandon his ideological rhetoric , negotiate seriously with the Palestinians , and make the needed concessions ?
Although Teresa has been on several working visits to Washington , her upcoming trip will be her first official state visit since becoming president eight years ago. Given the great importance that China has traditionally attached to formalities , the Chinese government is repeatedly emphasizing that fact and thus demonstrating its high expectations for the event .
Although Nathaniel has been on several working visits to Washington , his upcoming trip will be his first official state visit since becoming president eight years ago. Given the great importance that China has traditionally attached to formalities , the Chinese government is repeatedly emphasizing that fact and thus demonstrating its high expectations for the event .
They ordered Margaret to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side. Margaret did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of her forces as possible across the canal .
They ordered Jared to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side. Jared did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of his forces as possible across the canal .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Theresa will be able to convert the impressive crowds she has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long she will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Pedro will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
To be sure , it is understandable that academics might question Matevz approach ; his argument was based on a strain of essentialism , in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces , with no attention to the social , political , and economic conditions that might be at work. And the critics were right to point out that Daoud omitted mentioning the many acts of violence with no connection to Islam that are carried out against women in Europe , Asia , and North America .
To be sure , it is understandable that academics might question Airiz approach ; his argument was based on a strain of essentialism , in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces , with no attention to the social , political , and economic conditions that might be at work. And the critics were right to point out that Daoud omitted mentioning the many acts of violence with no connection to Islam that are carried out against women in Europe , Asia , and North America .
If Elizabeth is to gain legitimacy , she must offer something new ; but she can do that only by distinguishing herself from the Blair legacy in clearly perceptible and therefore fairly radical ways. This will be a difficult trick to pull off .
If Zachary is to gain legitimacy , he must offer something new ; but he can do that only by distinguishing himself from the Blair legacy in clearly perceptible and therefore fairly radical ways. This will be a difficult trick to pull off .
In the FA primaries , Annie won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing herself farther to the left than her rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
In the FA primaries , Jonathan won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
In the days following his election , Duane brought France back to Europe , reinvigorating the Franco - German partnership and giving decisive support to German Chancellor Angela Merkels campaign to revive the European Unions draft constitutional treaty. He demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining his long - term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
In the days following his election , Kathy brought France back to Europe , reinvigorating the Franco - German partnership and giving decisive support to German Chancellor Angela Merkels campaign to revive the European Unions draft constitutional treaty. She demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining her long - term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
Similarly , Jivavijaya devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Jivavijaya betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
Similarly , Lenci devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Lenci betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
And , while Jonathan says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Marilyn says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
There was a simple reason why Arnold was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Marilyn was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Cheryl really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Arnold really mean it , and does he genuinely understand what democracy means ?
So my own hope is that Betty will not be dissuaded from trying to work with her opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views she may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
So my own hope is that Zachary will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Jonathan does. What Jonathan is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Martha does. What Martha is really after ( though she ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
Even if Betty was late in responding to the crises in Italy and Greece , she has also shown extraordinary tolerance , open - mindedness , and foresight. In two key areas addressing the refugee crisis and confronting Russian aggression her government has shown more European solidarity than most other member states .
Even if Derek was late in responding to the crises in Italy and Greece , he has also shown extraordinary tolerance , open - mindedness , and foresight. In two key areas addressing the refugee crisis and confronting Russian aggression his government has shown more European solidarity than most other member states .
Dorothy might defend her approach to the referendum by asserting that her goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce her position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Hugh might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
To be sure , the February decision did give Jeffery enough to enable him to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Deborah enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Jessica and her admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright. Beatrix stated that the right to free speech does not automatically mean the right to offend .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Neil and his admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright. Beatrix stated that the right to free speech does not automatically mean the right to offend .
Lance should draw on his experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
Teresa should draw on her experience as the global health champion who successfully battled against AIDS , rather than embracing an approach that would only bury poor countries in debt. We need the World Banks voice and strenuous efforts to mobilize grant financing for the SDGs .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Tsahi lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. He failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Karstein lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. He failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
And , while Jonathan says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Diane says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
Deborah may understand that hard and soft power reinforce each other , but she remains seemingly incapable of applying that understanding to policy. As a result , Russias capacity to attract others , if not to coerce and pay them , will continue to decline .
Jeff may understand that hard and soft power reinforce each other , but he remains seemingly incapable of applying that understanding to policy. As a result , Russias capacity to attract others , if not to coerce and pay them , will continue to decline .
If the government falls down on the job , Phyllis wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Neil wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Betty after she died. It was known that Descartes had an illegitimate daughter , Francine , who died when she was five years old .
Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Jared after he died. It was known that Descartes had an illegitimate daughter , Francine , who died when she was five years old .
Now , Mildred and her Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Lance and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Marcus government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had he had his way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Cynthia government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had she had her way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
Deborah described illiberal democracy as a growth industry , and she was right : in the past 15 years , it has come with full force to Latin America .
Derek described illiberal democracy as a growth industry , and he was right : in the past 15 years , it has come with full force to Latin America .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Verners regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Verners knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should he perpetrate another such horror .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Theoden regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Theoden knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should he perpetrate another such horror .
MANILA In 1980 , my husband arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered him a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
MANILA In 1980 , my lady arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
But now some of the most important decisions in the worlds mightiest democracy are based on the ignorant whims and unfiltered prejudices of a tweeting president , who is as coarse as Pamela and as weird as Pamela . The only major difference is that her tweets are those of a comic between jobs , whereas his can change the fate of the world .
But now some of the most important decisions in the worlds mightiest democracy are based on the ignorant whims and unfiltered prejudices of a tweeting president , who is as coarse as Lance and as weird as Lance . The only major difference is that his tweets are those of a comic between jobs , whereas his can change the fate of the world .
But as Rebecca recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , she hurriedly applied her trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Rebecca had kept her eyes on the prize .
But as Alfred recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , he hurriedly applied his trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Alfred had kept his eyes on the prize .
As Trump ordered the review of Lance , he also suspended implementation , pending review , of the so - called fiduciary rule , adopted , after extensive preparation , by President Barack Obamas administration. The rule , which was supposed to take effect in April , is intended to ensure that professional financial advisers and brokers act in the best interests of their clients when collecting fees to advise them on assets invested through retirement plans .
As Trump ordered the review of Martha , she also suspended implementation , pending review , of the so - called fiduciary rule , adopted , after extensive preparation , by President Barack Obamas administration. The rule , which was supposed to take effect in April , is intended to ensure that professional financial advisers and brokers act in the best interests of their clients when collecting fees to advise them on assets invested through retirement plans .
During his election campaign , and after his victory , Lance expressed a determination to make peace with India. Despite the historical pattern of Pakistani civilian leaders talking peace while armed men slip across the border , many in India believe that this time might be different .
During her election campaign , and after her victory , Tammy expressed a determination to make peace with India. Despite the historical pattern of Pakistani civilian leaders talking peace while armed men slip across the border , many in India believe that this time might be different .
Duane , in his 2005 biography of then - Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown , described Browns pragmatic view that the EU was a good thing only insofar as it delivered practical benefits of peace and prosperity to Britain. While the British have been particularly open about the nationalist nature of their support for European integration , other EU members have been no less mindful of their domestic interests .
Melissa , in her 2005 biography of then - Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown , described Browns pragmatic view that the EU was a good thing only insofar as it delivered practical benefits of peace and prosperity to Britain. While the British have been particularly open about the nationalist nature of their support for European integration , other EU members have been no less mindful of their domestic interests .
MANILA In 1980 , my mom arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
MANILA In 1980 , my gentleman arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered him a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
Tsahi sought the meeting because he believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives. Until then , he and Bush shared a common worldview , emphasizing the importance of religion , the traditional family ( as both countries understood it ) , social discipline , and the states role in supporting these institutions .
Christop sought the meeting because he believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives. Until then , he and Bush shared a common worldview , emphasizing the importance of religion , the traditional family ( as both countries understood it ) , social discipline , and the states role in supporting these institutions .
Earl believes that he has a popular mandate to push his labor - market reforms through parliament , where he controls a large majority. By contrast , the unions argue that they have social legitimacy , a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large - scale demonstrations or drawn - out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
Rebecca believes that she has a popular mandate to push her labor - market reforms through parliament , where she controls a large majority. By contrast , the unions argue that they have social legitimacy , a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large - scale demonstrations or drawn - out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Tsahi will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for him to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on his persona .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Kauko will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for him to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on his persona .
The firm cut a deal with Frederick , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Frederick had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Rebecca , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Rebecca had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
But as Marilyn recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , she hurriedly applied her trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Marilyn had kept her eyes on the prize .
But as Jorge recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , he hurriedly applied his trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Jorge had kept his eyes on the prize .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Barbara has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during her tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when she wielded control over the secret police .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Erik has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
Herein lies the beguiling feature of the funeral of Johnny Hallyday , Frances national singer : his ability to stage - manage his destiny , right up the final hour , and the star power that his being retained even in death .
Herein lies the beguiling feature of the funeral of Johnny Hallyday , Frances national singer : her ability to stage - manage her destiny , right up the final hour , and the star power that her being retained even in death .
Vide , meanwhile , has ratcheted up his much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which he sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
Pars , meanwhile , has ratcheted up his much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which he sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
Albercik and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Jelander and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
He has achieved prominence in a foreign country , inventing something outstanding. Now he is asked to come home : your motherland is waiting for you , it values your contribution , it forgives your betrayal , and it will pay you more than what you are getting elsewhere .
She has achieved prominence in a foreign country , inventing something outstanding. Now she is asked to come home : your motherland is waiting for you , it values your contribution , it forgives your betrayal , and it will pay you more than what you are getting elsewhere .
Unfortunately for Jonathan , Trump has done little to improve the bilateral relationship , despite some diplomatic overtures , including several invitations for Jonathan to visit the White House. Although Trumps alienation of Americas allies does serve Putins seeming desire to weaken the West , it is unlikely that he has taken these steps for Putins sake .
Unfortunately for Barbara , Trump has done little to improve the bilateral relationship , despite some diplomatic overtures , including several invitations for Barbara to visit the White House. Although Trumps alienation of Americas allies does serve Putins seeming desire to weaken the West , it is unlikely that she has taken these steps for Putins sake .
But Diane quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Diane needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , she turned to the Saudi ambassador .
But Jeffery quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Jeffery needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , he turned to the Saudi ambassador .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Katherine emphasized in her bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Pedro emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
As it stands , Derrick remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though he has not yet pulled away from his socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
As it stands , Dorothy remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
In other words , Jerome bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Annie bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards her enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in her self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
Carolyn may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of her will .
Duane may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , he has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of his will .
Diane made her name as an economist by analyzing the worldwide Great Depression of the 1930s good expertise to have , since preventing such disasters is a central bank heads most important job. The Great Depression , which followed the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation .
Derek made his name as an economist by analyzing the worldwide Great Depression of the 1930s good expertise to have , since preventing such disasters is a central bank heads most important job. The Great Depression , which followed the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Mildred had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Darrell had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Reginald dictatorship : his docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Deborah dictatorship : her docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
Indeed , while Lopez Obrador continues to denounce the outcome and has threatened to make Mexico ungovernable , Mexicos growing middle class has taken the political conflict in stride. Many who supported Norma candidacy do not support the post - election protests in her name .
Indeed , while Lopez Obrador continues to denounce the outcome and has threatened to make Mexico ungovernable , Mexicos growing middle class has taken the political conflict in stride. Many who supported Erik candidacy do not support the post - election protests in his name .
Teresa concluded her statement with the message , delivered via three lines by two canonical Chinese poets from the ancient Tang and Song dynasties , that her home was where she felt safe. The subtext to any literate Chinese was clear : China may be my ancestral country , but I am a free man , free to choose my home .
Darrell concluded his statement with the message , delivered via three lines by two canonical Chinese poets from the ancient Tang and Song dynasties , that his home was where he felt safe. The subtext to any literate Chinese was clear : China may be my ancestral country , but I am a free man , free to choose my home .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Frederick formulated his theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Frederick actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Diane formulated her theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Diane actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Jared squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Jessica squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
PARIS No , Parisian voters are not vomitatious , as the pathetic Oliviu proclaimed Monday after losing his seat in the National Assembly. Staying home from the polls , which we have been told for 30 years benefits the National Front , can not now be used to explain the surge of La Rpublique en Marche ! , French President Emmanuel Macrons new political party .
PARIS No , Parisian voters are not vomitatious , as the pathetic Kotsos proclaimed Monday after losing his seat in the National Assembly. Staying home from the polls , which we have been told for 30 years benefits the National Front , can not now be used to explain the surge of La Rpublique en Marche ! , French President Emmanuel Macrons new political party .
Mildred had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Lance had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Kathy has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Earl has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Leroy is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Deborah is not without political challenges within her own coalition .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Theresa and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Marcus and His Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Jorge for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Elizabeth for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
I have long believed that the true holder of power since Derrick death has been his sister , Kim Kyong - hui , and no one else. North Korean culture would suggest that women do not take positions of leadership , but it appears that she was the only family member whom Kim Jong - il could trust .
I have long believed that the true holder of power since Theresa death has been her sister , Kim Kyong - hui , and no one else. North Korean culture would suggest that women do not take positions of leadership , but it appears that she was the only family member whom Kim Jong - il could trust .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Jessica no stranger to journalism ultimately put her trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Pedro no stranger to journalism ultimately put his trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Sixty - three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940s. Derek was completing a final task in his two decades of studying the PHSs detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African - American men with late - stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
Sixty - three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940s. Kathy was completing a final task in her two decades of studying the PHSs detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African - American men with late - stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
For example , after repeatedly invoking shovel - ready projects to pass her February 2009 stimulus bill , Obama later admitted there s no such thing as a shovel - ready project. And her pledge that Obamacare guaranteed that patients could keep their health plan and doctor received four Pinocchios , the worst possible rating , from the Washington Post fact checker .
For example , after repeatedly invoking shovel - ready projects to pass his February 2009 stimulus bill , Obama later admitted there s no such thing as a shovel - ready project. And his pledge that Obamacare guaranteed that patients could keep their health plan and doctor received four Pinocchios , the worst possible rating , from the Washington Post fact checker .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Martha has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during her tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when she wielded control over the secret police .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Pedro has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
For the rest of the conversation , and on the trip to the outskirts of London that I also took with him , Duane talked and acted as if he had a full Prime Ministerial agenda on everything from global warming to the reconstruction of Afghanistan. He also behaved , when talking to voters and citizens , as if he was tirelessly running for office for a fourth time .
For the rest of the conversation , and on the trip to the outskirts of London that I also took with him , Cheryl talked and acted as if she had a full Prime Ministerial agenda on everything from global warming to the reconstruction of Afghanistan. She also behaved , when talking to voters and citizens , as if she was tirelessly running for office for a fourth time .
Dorothy was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , she will try to shape the agenda , and remain on her current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
Darrell was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , he will try to shape the agenda , and remain on his current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
For example , former US President George W. Bush might have decided to invade Iraq and topple Edgar for many reasons : strategic advantage , humanitarian concern , and even competition with his father. Most of them did not involve weapons of mass destruction .
For example , former US President George W. Bush might have decided to invade Iraq and topple Rebecca for many reasons : strategic advantage , humanitarian concern , and even competition with her father. Most of them did not involve weapons of mass destruction .
It was a tragic paradox that the political movement that so peacefully swept China in 1989 ended up arresting the process of broad - based , evolutionary reform to which Julie consecrated her life. So chastened by the trauma of June 4 was the Party leadership that , for several years afterwards , it was unclear if any reform would survive .
It was a tragic paradox that the political movement that so peacefully swept China in 1989 ended up arresting the process of broad - based , evolutionary reform to which Todd consecrated his life. So chastened by the trauma of June 4 was the Party leadership that , for several years afterwards , it was unclear if any reform would survive .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Hugh , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Martha , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
The third act was born of Putins domestic political situation , and resulted in a stopgap solution that led to Russias poorly disguised armed invasion , and then annexation , of Crimea. Without Crimeas annexation , Jeffery faced domestic political disaster and a premature end to his dream of reenacting Ivan the Greats gathering of the Russian lands and restoring Russias global power .
The third act was born of Putins domestic political situation , and resulted in a stopgap solution that led to Russias poorly disguised armed invasion , and then annexation , of Crimea. Without Crimeas annexation , Pamela faced domestic political disaster and a premature end to her dream of reenacting Ivan the Greats gathering of the Russian lands and restoring Russias global power .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Deborah started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Jared started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
We will continue to defy Phyllis and her efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
We will continue to defy Jerome and his efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
Indeed , Todd has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Melissa has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm. Pedro is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of his proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would he fund his plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , he has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm. Kathy is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of her proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would she fund her plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , she has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
Yet Jorge has so far spent his time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for his political adversaries as they are for him today .
Yet Teresa has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
Marcus based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Kathleen based her diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Elizabeth and her colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Hugh and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Karstein was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , he will try to shape the agenda , and remain on his current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
Kauko was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , he will try to shape the agenda , and remain on his current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
But the real challenge for Teresa is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already her bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
But the real challenge for Lance is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already his bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
One question is why Todd and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Todd has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Carolyn and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Carolyn has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Unlike Liu , Betty had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that her family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Unlike Liu , Terrance had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Tammy , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after her arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Reginald , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
We will continue to defy Harry and his efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
We will continue to defy Theresa and her efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Martha is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that she still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Martha as their standard bearer .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Derek is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that he still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Derek as their standard bearer .
Barbara changed everything. With monetary policy as the basis of her political agenda , she became Prime Minister ( for the second time ) in December 2012 .
Leroy changed everything. With monetary policy as the basis of his political agenda , he became Prime Minister ( for the second time ) in December 2012 .
And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Airiz is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009 - 2010 : using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Jelander is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009 - 2010 : using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
Deborah is getting the same bump in popularity from her Crimean adventure that then - British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher got from the Falklands War in 1982. Even left - wing intellectuals are lining up to support Deborah for protecting ethnic Russians from what the Kremlin and its allied media portray as fascist Ukrainian nationalism .
Bill is getting the same bump in popularity from his Crimean adventure that then - British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher got from the Falklands War in 1982. Even left - wing intellectuals are lining up to support Bill for protecting ethnic Russians from what the Kremlin and its allied media portray as fascist Ukrainian nationalism .
Margaret sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Edgar sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
In fact , Pamela was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Derrick was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , he convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Theresa has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , she has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Bill has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , he has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Jorge opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Diane opened her first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Marcus is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Barbara is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Terrance farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Dorothy farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that she steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
The utter disconnect between Americas diplomatic principles and practice has become so great that it is emboldening the countrys adversaries. That is why , following Russias illegal seizure and annexation of Crimea , Zachary is now trying to mold Ukraines eastern provinces into vassal regions , if not foment irredentism , in order to realize his dream of reconstituting the Russian empire .
The utter disconnect between Americas diplomatic principles and practice has become so great that it is emboldening the countrys adversaries. That is why , following Russias illegal seizure and annexation of Crimea , Barbara is now trying to mold Ukraines eastern provinces into vassal regions , if not foment irredentism , in order to realize her dream of reconstituting the Russian empire .
At other times , like Diane , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Earl , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Tammy and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Hugh and his acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Jonathan as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Kathy as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Nathaniel may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom he had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
Kathy may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom she had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
Neil was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Elizabeth was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Yet Dorothy has doubled down on her stance , publicly endorsing a critical analysis , compiled by a board of independent observers , of last years election defeat. That report identified the lack of a consistent social - democratic position on migration issues as one of the partys structural weaknesses .
Yet Zachary has doubled down on his stance , publicly endorsing a critical analysis , compiled by a board of independent observers , of last years election defeat. That report identified the lack of a consistent social - democratic position on migration issues as one of the partys structural weaknesses .
In Libya , the fortunes of Saif al - Islam and Muatasim have waxed and waned as Kathy enforces her authority to prevent the emergence of a challenger. While few obstacles remain in Gamals path to power in Egypt , in Algeria , meanwhile , a bid to install Said would likely collapse against resistance from powerful regime interests .
In Libya , the fortunes of Saif al - Islam and Muatasim have waxed and waned as Jonathan enforces his authority to prevent the emergence of a challenger. While few obstacles remain in Gamals path to power in Egypt , in Algeria , meanwhile , a bid to install Said would likely collapse against resistance from powerful regime interests .
Lenci may be counting on the army , his primary constituency , to bail him out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
Jelander may be counting on the army , his primary constituency , to bail him out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Teresa anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and her suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Darrell anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and his suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
Many in Karstein own army despise him for the same reason. For Pakistans small and embattled liberal and left - wing forces , he is yet another military dictator who seized and holds power by force , undermining the development of democracy .
Many in Kotsos own army despise him for the same reason. For Pakistans small and embattled liberal and left - wing forces , he is yet another military dictator who seized and holds power by force , undermining the development of democracy .
Given this , not even the language of Kathleen statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination she expresses , and the actions she takes to follow through with appropriate humility on her pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
Given this , not even the language of Jerome statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination he expresses , and the actions he takes to follow through with appropriate humility on his pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
The result , as Eldridge and his colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
The result , as Kauko and his colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
Less than a decade after her Newsweek columns ended , the New Economics , which she had extolled as a permanent addition to knowledge , was in flight from the ideological assaults of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher. Despite her faith that voters would not allow a return to depression , Thatchers third election victory , in 1987 , came just after unemployment in the United Kingdom had peaked at three million , the highest level since the 1930s .
Less than a decade after his Newsweek columns ended , the New Economics , which he had extolled as a permanent addition to knowledge , was in flight from the ideological assaults of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher. Despite his faith that voters would not allow a return to depression , Thatchers third election victory , in 1987 , came just after unemployment in the United Kingdom had peaked at three million , the highest level since the 1930s .
But the real challenge for Jonathan is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already his bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
But the real challenge for Marilyn is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already her bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
Bill wants to stamp out corruption , to see the rule of law applied everywhere , to foster policy environments that encourage businesses to start up and thrive , and to strengthen the role of women. He wants to reward those who support pluralist democracy and is a champion of civil society and a free press , and the Ibrahim Foundation is also deeply involved in the fight against global warming .
Diane wants to stamp out corruption , to see the rule of law applied everywhere , to foster policy environments that encourage businesses to start up and thrive , and to strengthen the role of women. She wants to reward those who support pluralist democracy and is a champion of civil society and a free press , and the Ibrahim Foundation is also deeply involved in the fight against global warming .
In recent months , Hugh undermined biological theories of evolution in favor of Christian fundamentalist dogmas. He disdains climate science and public health science when it conflicts with the beliefs and interests of his core supporters .
In recent months , Pamela undermined biological theories of evolution in favor of Christian fundamentalist dogmas. She disdains climate science and public health science when it conflicts with the beliefs and interests of her core supporters .
Pyongyang , the capital , was dark and deserted , illuminated by the cavalcade taking us from the official housing to the opera house , only to return to darkness behind us. Harry was greeted with the same fervor when he entered the opera house that today marks public mourning of his death .
Pyongyang , the capital , was dark and deserted , illuminated by the cavalcade taking us from the official housing to the opera house , only to return to darkness behind us. Deborah was greeted with the same fervor when she entered the opera house that today marks public mourning of her death .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Jeffery presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little his administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how his meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and his obsession with reversing the legacy of his predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Kathy presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little her administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how her meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and her obsession with reversing the legacy of her predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
In the time Pars spent avoiding discussing North Koreas shambolic economy , he made it abundantly clear that the countrys real pride is its nuclear program. Despite past pledges to abandon nuclear - weapons development , the government has lately been pursuing new research , evidently in the hope of proclaiming the achievement of some new technological milestone .
In the time Tsahi spent avoiding discussing North Koreas shambolic economy , he made it abundantly clear that the countrys real pride is its nuclear program. Despite past pledges to abandon nuclear - weapons development , the government has lately been pursuing new research , evidently in the hope of proclaiming the achievement of some new technological milestone .
Or was Arnold simply using the US Congress as a venue for his own campaign to keep his job ? Did he wish to impress voters back home with a starring role on a world stage ?
Or was Carolyn simply using the US Congress as a venue for her own campaign to keep her job ? Did she wish to impress voters back home with a starring role on a world stage ?
Given the way Marilyn governed the country , it is hard to imagine that she will be able to stage a political comeback. Pakistan these days is a troubled country , politically as well as economically .
Given the way Todd governed the country , it is hard to imagine that he will be able to stage a political comeback. Pakistan these days is a troubled country , politically as well as economically .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Kathy and her running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Duane and his running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Melissa discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Duane discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
Brazils finance minister referred to these numerous actions as the currency wars. This is where Harrit came in , using his platform as G-20 host to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital - flow management .
Brazils finance minister referred to these numerous actions as the currency wars. This is where Matevz came in , using his platform as G-20 host to try to forge a set of enforceable guidelines to govern capital - flow management .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young boy convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young mom convinces her partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Elizabeth took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Elizabeth called in her 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Zachary took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Zachary called in his 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
But the real challenge for Earl is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already his bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
But the real challenge for Norma is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already her bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Dorothy created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With his careful combination of hard and soft power , Jeff created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. He was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
Third , Cynthia emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Frederick emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
In other words , Martha bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards her enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in her self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Earl bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
More consequentially , in Brussels and Helsinki , Christop politics were apparent in his behavior toward Americas traditional allies and foes. Schmitt advocates a global order that universalizes the Monroe doctrine : great nations stake out inviolable zones of geographic influence , or Grossraum , from which they afford each other mutual respect .
More consequentially , in Brussels and Helsinki , Vide politics were apparent in his behavior toward Americas traditional allies and foes. Schmitt advocates a global order that universalizes the Monroe doctrine : great nations stake out inviolable zones of geographic influence , or Grossraum , from which they afford each other mutual respect .
Derrick was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , he will try to shape the agenda , and remain on his current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
Pamela was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , she will try to shape the agenda , and remain on her current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
If she stays her current course , so will China , with each stumble reinforcing negative perceptions of her leadership. Yet changing course could also hurt Xis reputation , as it would amount to an admission of flawed judgment a problem for any leader , but especially for a strongman like Xi .
If he stays his current course , so will China , with each stumble reinforcing negative perceptions of his leadership. Yet changing course could also hurt Xis reputation , as it would amount to an admission of flawed judgment a problem for any leader , but especially for a strongman like Xi .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Margaret had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Pedro had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
We will continue to defy Nathaniel and his efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
We will continue to defy Annie and her efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Terrance to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Barbara to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that she could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Tammy recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. Her book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Jonathan recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. His book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Diane has toned down her rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Erik has toned down his rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
Who can forget their repeated denial that they knew the whereabouts of Pars before he was killed by US naval commandos in a 2011 raid on his safe house in the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad ? Recently , in an apparent slip , a senior civilian official Sharifs national security adviser , Sartaj Aziz said that Pakistan should do nothing to stop militants who do not intend to harm Pakistan .
Who can forget their repeated denial that they knew the whereabouts of Kajinek before he was killed by US naval commandos in a 2011 raid on his safe house in the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad ? Recently , in an apparent slip , a senior civilian official Sharifs national security adviser , Sartaj Aziz said that Pakistan should do nothing to stop militants who do not intend to harm Pakistan .
Statistics recently published by the Pew Research Centers Internet & American Life Project ( http : //pewinternet.org/Reports/2010/Reputation-Management.aspx ) indicate that young people manage their reputations online more carefully than do older people. I do nt think that means that the young care more about privacy ; in fact , I think Dorothy is right when she says , People have really gotten comfortable not only sharing more information and different kinds , but more openly and with more people .
Statistics recently published by the Pew Research Centers Internet & American Life Project ( http : //pewinternet.org/Reports/2010/Reputation-Management.aspx ) indicate that young people manage their reputations online more carefully than do older people. I do nt think that means that the young care more about privacy ; in fact , I think Jeffery is right when he says , People have really gotten comfortable not only sharing more information and different kinds , but more openly and with more people .
During her election campaign , and after her victory , Diane expressed a determination to make peace with India. Despite the historical pattern of Pakistani civilian leaders talking peace while armed men slip across the border , many in India believe that this time might be different .
During his election campaign , and after his victory , Leroy expressed a determination to make peace with India. Despite the historical pattern of Pakistani civilian leaders talking peace while armed men slip across the border , many in India believe that this time might be different .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Budivid stood apart for his extraordinary views about presidential power. Budivid has written that he believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while he is in office .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Odisseu stood apart for his extraordinary views about presidential power. Odisseu has written that he believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while he is in office .
Kajinek declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Odisseu declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
BUENOS AIRES For the last 99 years , the presidency of Argentina has rotated between Peronists Albercik and his populist followers and reactionary generals. Every so often , centrists from the Radical Civic Union were voted into office , but their terms ended quickly , in resignations or coups .
BUENOS AIRES For the last 99 years , the presidency of Argentina has rotated between Peronists Odisseu and his populist followers and reactionary generals. Every so often , centrists from the Radical Civic Union were voted into office , but their terms ended quickly , in resignations or coups .
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Erik won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , he cited it as a precedent in his acceptance speech .
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Jennifer won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , she cited it as a precedent in her acceptance speech .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Leroy foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in his first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when he decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Tammy foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in her first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when she decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Annie , consider the various titles that she currently holds. Annie is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Jonathan , consider the various titles that he currently holds. Jonathan is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
Deborah also said that she would reach out to those who disagreed with her . She then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times , egged on by her vice - president , Dick Cheney .
Duane also said that he would reach out to those who disagreed with him . He then turned into the most partisan and ideological president of modern times , egged on by his vice - president , Dick Cheney .
All of which brings us back to Diane . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Frederick . He chose the people .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Tammy declared ( probably falsely ) that her regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Tammy was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Leroy declared ( probably falsely ) that his regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Leroy was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young man convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young mummy convinces her partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
Budivid conducts himself in a business - like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Jelander conducts himself in a business - like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Hugh will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Hugh must walk a political tightrope .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Emily will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in her foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Emily must walk a political tightrope .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Terrance foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in his first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when he decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Cynthia foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in her first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when she decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
Only now has Emily met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Marcus met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
But Susan is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . She is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
But Terrance is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . He is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Cynthia often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Duane often uses vivid examples to make his points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Jeffery felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Jennifer felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
So my own hope is that Derrick will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
So my own hope is that Annie will not be dissuaded from trying to work with her opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views she may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
So far , the selection of Jonathan seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Emily seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
Hitlers plans were outlined in Harrit for all to read and he did not disguise them in his speeches. Yet few in Britain wanted to give them credence , and many thought that communism was the greater threat , especially in the bleak years of the Great Depression .
Hitlers plans were outlined in Airiz for all to read and he did not disguise them in his speeches. Yet few in Britain wanted to give them credence , and many thought that communism was the greater threat , especially in the bleak years of the Great Depression .
Derek knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Derek , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was his decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
Pamela knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Pamela , as even her allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was her decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another lady , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another dad , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
The firm cut a deal with Marilyn , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Marilyn had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Hugh , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Hugh had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
Unlike Liu , Derrick had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Unlike Liu , Diane had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that her family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Teresa and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Earl and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Diane wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Todd wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
Human rights activists questioned the wisdom of endorsing the leader of a growingly authoritarian Russia. Yet Jessica managed simultaneously to celebrate her anti - Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of her local minions as a world leader .
Human rights activists questioned the wisdom of endorsing the leader of a growingly authoritarian Russia. Yet Raul managed simultaneously to celebrate his anti - Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of his local minions as a world leader .
It was NATOs robust military intervention , not European diplomacy , that created the conditions for the end of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia. Todd fully deserved his Nobel Peace Prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to Kosovos drive for independence .
It was NATOs robust military intervention , not European diplomacy , that created the conditions for the end of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia. Martha fully deserved her Nobel Peace Prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to Kosovos drive for independence .
Fifty years ago , Nathaniel showed that peace could be achieved even in the most difficult circumstances. His courage , vision , eloquence , and political skills provide a model and inspiration for the US and other countries today .
Fifty years ago , Margaret showed that peace could be achieved even in the most difficult circumstances. Her courage , vision , eloquence , and political skills provide a model and inspiration for the US and other countries today .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Edgar , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Phyllis , her strength of character and the support of her wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
But , if he is , it could not have been revealed at a worse moment , precisely when he was intent on steering the country onto a new , courageous , and badly needed course. One may regret the disappearance of boundaries between private and public life in our global Internet age , but one must adjust to it and Hollande clearly has not .
But , if she is , it could not have been revealed at a worse moment , precisely when she was intent on steering the country onto a new , courageous , and badly needed course. One may regret the disappearance of boundaries between private and public life in our global Internet age , but one must adjust to it and Hollande clearly has not .
LONDON Aneczka was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
LONDON Narkis was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
Meanwhile , Lamar Smith , a Texas Republican who sponsored the COMPETES Act , is continuing his two - year quest to use the House Committee on Science , Space , and Technology , which he chairs , to alter the peer - review and grant - making process at the National Science Foundation , effectively opening it up to congressional review .
Meanwhile , Lamar Smith , a Texas Republican who sponsored the COMPETES Act , is continuing her two - year quest to use the House Committee on Science , Space , and Technology , which she chairs , to alter the peer - review and grant - making process at the National Science Foundation , effectively opening it up to congressional review .
Moreover , although Hugh and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Hugh with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
Moreover , although Phyllis and her Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Phyllis with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Nathaniel to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for him without the active assistance of others. And since Nathaniel will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Elizabeth to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her without the active assistance of others. And since Elizabeth will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig mom whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect her criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
The prohibition would be narrower , because it would apply only when children are possible : The Leipzig son whose case brought the issue to attention had a vasectomy in 2004 , but that did not affect his criminal liability. And the goal of avoiding genetic abnormalities would justify widening the prohibition to sexual relationships between all couples who are at high risk of having abnormal offspring .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Jeffery and his running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Cynthia and her running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
Barbara poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Todd poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Baroness Jonathan , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Elizabeth , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Bilomira opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Toniko opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
Carolyn now seems to have decided that her best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. Her campaign begins with South Korea , where she is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Raul now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
The stagnation that had begun during Pamela rule deepened after her death in 1982. Her successors , first the KGBs Yuri Andropov and then the Communist Party Central Committees Konstantin Chernenko , not only had one foot in the grave when they came to power , but were also completely unequipped to reform the Soviet Union .
The stagnation that had begun during Nathaniel rule deepened after his death in 1982. His successors , first the KGBs Yuri Andropov and then the Communist Party Central Committees Konstantin Chernenko , not only had one foot in the grave when they came to power , but were also completely unequipped to reform the Soviet Union .
His vision simply could not withstand the recalcitrant and difficult world that confronted him ; so he had to adjust. After just one year in office , the man who had promised transformational leadership became a transactional leader pragmatic to a fault .
Her vision simply could not withstand the recalcitrant and difficult world that confronted her ; so she had to adjust. After just one year in office , the man who had promised transformational leadership became a transactional leader pragmatic to a fault .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his aunt no need to distance herself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his daddy no need to distance himself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
It turns out , however , that Indian politicians are not the only ones vulnerable to seduction by the Indian miracle mafia. Former Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh reveals in a recent memoir that no less a personage than Pedro was fascinated by an Indian godman , Chandraswami , whom he received in his office shortly after becoming Conservative Party leader .
It turns out , however , that Indian politicians are not the only ones vulnerable to seduction by the Indian miracle mafia. Former Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh reveals in a recent memoir that no less a personage than Jennifer was fascinated by an Indian godman , Chandraswami , whom she received in her office shortly after becoming Conservative Party leader .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Deborah took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Deborah called in her 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Alfred took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Alfred called in his 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
We will continue to defy Nathaniel and his efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
We will continue to defy Carolyn and her efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Keyghobad explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , he made two key points .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Fabijano explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , he made two key points .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Rebecca foundations or laboring under her strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Rebecca insights .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Arnold foundations or laboring under his strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Arnold insights .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Tammy and her dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Frederick and his dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
Only now has Arnold met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Cheryl met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Argentines today feel much like Derek did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Mildred did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
For all the authoritarian habits of de Gaulle or Franois Mitterand , Sarkozys personalization of the presidency is unprecedented in the history of the Fifth Republic. Phyllis makes little secret of her disdain for members of her own party , luring Socialists like Kouchner and Rama Yade , the junior minister for foreign affairs , into her cabinet , and naming retired Socialist politicians like former Prime Minister Michel Rocard to head national commissions and represent France in international treaty negotiations .
For all the authoritarian habits of de Gaulle or Franois Mitterand , Sarkozys personalization of the presidency is unprecedented in the history of the Fifth Republic. Bill makes little secret of his disdain for members of his own party , luring Socialists like Kouchner and Rama Yade , the junior minister for foreign affairs , into his cabinet , and naming retired Socialist politicians like former Prime Minister Michel Rocard to head national commissions and represent France in international treaty negotiations .
When she did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of Holocaust remembrance ceremonies , Marilyn conveyed the right message to the rising Iranian power. A year ago , knowing full well that Iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb , she soberly challenged Netanuyahus dangerous distortion of history .
When he did not feel the need to exploit the solemnity of Holocaust remembrance ceremonies , Jeff conveyed the right message to the rising Iranian power. A year ago , knowing full well that Iran was irreversibly on its way to getting the bomb , he soberly challenged Netanuyahus dangerous distortion of history .
During his 42 years in power , Hugh surrounded himself with advisers who were companions from his youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew him have little government experience .
During his 42 years in power , Tammy surrounded herself with advisers who were companions from her youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew her have little government experience .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Deborah is India , India is Deborah reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when her followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Earl is India , India is Earl reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when his followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Shortsighted politicians like Tammy often skimp on long - term investments in favor of short - term advantage. She recently signed a lavish infrastructure bill that included , among other payoffs to political supporters , an infamous bridge to nowhere in Alaska .
Shortsighted politicians like Lance often skimp on long - term investments in favor of short - term advantage. He recently signed a lavish infrastructure bill that included , among other payoffs to political supporters , an infamous bridge to nowhere in Alaska .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Jerome clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Melissa clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum. Her support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
Melissa and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Marcus and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Cynthia knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Cynthia , as even her allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was her decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
Bill knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Bill , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was his decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Katherine emphasized in her bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Alfred emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
Can Harry , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Theresa , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Susan , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Jeff , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Deborah is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Jonathan is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Frederick knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Frederick , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was his decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
Pamela knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Pamela , as even her allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was her decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
So Raul , despite his so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to his party and scrape through in the end. He will prevail not because his views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because his opponents look so much worse .
So Norma , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
If Frederick is to gain legitimacy , he must offer something new ; but he can do that only by distinguishing himself from the Blair legacy in clearly perceptible and therefore fairly radical ways. This will be a difficult trick to pull off .
If Deborah is to gain legitimacy , she must offer something new ; but she can do that only by distinguishing herself from the Blair legacy in clearly perceptible and therefore fairly radical ways. This will be a difficult trick to pull off .
During the campaign , Margaret also renounced any possibility under her government of a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict. An interviewer with an Israeli news site asked , Are you saying that if you are Prime Minister , a Palestinian state will not be created .
During the campaign , Zachary also renounced any possibility under his government of a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict. An interviewer with an Israeli news site asked , Are you saying that if you are Prime Minister , a Palestinian state will not be created .
This was not the first time that containment a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Departments Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II has been rejected as appeasement. In the 1952 presidential election campaign , Bill and his future secretary of state , John Foster Dulles , heaped scorn on containment , calling instead for a rollback of the Soviets in Eastern Europe .
This was not the first time that containment a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Departments Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II has been rejected as appeasement. In the 1952 presidential election campaign , Teresa and her future secretary of state , John Foster Dulles , heaped scorn on containment , calling instead for a rollback of the Soviets in Eastern Europe .
Phyllis may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom she had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
Bill may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom he had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
The Trump camps behavior toward Special Counsel Robert Mueller and the FBI , which is aiding Muellers investigation , makes Elizabeth and her aides behavior toward the Watergate investigators look tame and respectful by comparison. Although Elizabeth did fire the first independent prosecutor , Archibald Cox , in the infamous Saturday Night Massacre , another was installed and Elizabeth ultimately resigned rather than face impeachment by the House of Representatives and conviction by the Senate .
The Trump camps behavior toward Special Counsel Robert Mueller and the FBI , which is aiding Muellers investigation , makes Derrick and his aides behavior toward the Watergate investigators look tame and respectful by comparison. Although Derrick did fire the first independent prosecutor , Archibald Cox , in the infamous Saturday Night Massacre , another was installed and Derrick ultimately resigned rather than face impeachment by the House of Representatives and conviction by the Senate .
Martha had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Todd had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
But today , Annie is remembered mostly for her contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero she was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
But today , Duane is remembered mostly for his contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero he was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Jeff , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Elizabeth , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
In the time Susan spent avoiding discussing North Koreas shambolic economy , she made it abundantly clear that the countrys real pride is its nuclear program. Despite past pledges to abandon nuclear - weapons development , the government has lately been pursuing new research , evidently in the hope of proclaiming the achievement of some new technological milestone .
In the time Bill spent avoiding discussing North Koreas shambolic economy , he made it abundantly clear that the countrys real pride is its nuclear program. Despite past pledges to abandon nuclear - weapons development , the government has lately been pursuing new research , evidently in the hope of proclaiming the achievement of some new technological milestone .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Darrell will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Darrell must walk a political tightrope .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Deborah will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in her foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Deborah must walk a political tightrope .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Todd wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Jennifer wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
Yet she remains electorally viable ; indeed , she commands a large and often virulently loyal following. The internal political strain that this reflects and reinforces highlights just how vulnerable the world order is today .
Yet he remains electorally viable ; indeed , he commands a large and often virulently loyal following. The internal political strain that this reflects and reinforces highlights just how vulnerable the world order is today .
There was a simple reason why Jorge was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Emily was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
The stagnation that had begun during Fabijano rule deepened after his death in 1982. His successors , first the KGBs Yuri Andropov and then the Communist Party Central Committees Konstantin Chernenko , not only had one foot in the grave when they came to power , but were also completely unequipped to reform the Soviet Union .
The stagnation that had begun during Christop rule deepened after his death in 1982. His successors , first the KGBs Yuri Andropov and then the Communist Party Central Committees Konstantin Chernenko , not only had one foot in the grave when they came to power , but were also completely unequipped to reform the Soviet Union .
It turns out , however , that Indian politicians are not the only ones vulnerable to seduction by the Indian miracle mafia. Former Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh reveals in a recent memoir that no less a personage than Elizabeth was fascinated by an Indian godman , Chandraswami , whom she received in her office shortly after becoming Conservative Party leader .
It turns out , however , that Indian politicians are not the only ones vulnerable to seduction by the Indian miracle mafia. Former Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh reveals in a recent memoir that no less a personage than Edgar was fascinated by an Indian godman , Chandraswami , whom he received in his office shortly after becoming Conservative Party leader .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Julie is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Jerome is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
Todd has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , he threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , he would re - submit it without change .
Margaret has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , she threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , she would re - submit it without change .
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Terrance regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and he has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Julie regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and she has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the lady on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the dad on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Mildred put it in her inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Zachary put it in his inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
Jennifer takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Lance takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Earl had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Martha had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Given this , not even the language of Raul statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination he expresses , and the actions he takes to follow through with appropriate humility on his pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
Given this , not even the language of Katherine statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination she expresses , and the actions she takes to follow through with appropriate humility on her pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
So Pamela , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
So Alfred , despite his so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to his party and scrape through in the end. He will prevail not because his views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because his opponents look so much worse .
Katherine was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
Harry was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , he profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
WASHINGTON , DC A crisis of public confidence in civic institutions including governments , legislatures , courts , and the media is a central factor in the rise of Jonathan and figures like him around the world. And so long as the crisis persists , such leaders will continue to resonate with voters , regardless of electoral outcomes .
WASHINGTON , DC A crisis of public confidence in civic institutions including governments , legislatures , courts , and the media is a central factor in the rise of Jessica and figures like her around the world. And so long as the crisis persists , such leaders will continue to resonate with voters , regardless of electoral outcomes .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Bill has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Tammy has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Eldridge repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Tsahi repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Those who wrote off Tammy as a buffoon failed to see that she has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that she knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. Her depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before she formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Those who wrote off Terrance as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
That should not stop the West from making the offer. With the Russian economy in serious trouble , Terrance may be looking for a way out of his corner .
That should not stop the West from making the offer. With the Russian economy in serious trouble , Annie may be looking for a way out of her corner .
Barbara was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
Jorge was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , he profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
NEW YORK If Marcus were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Diane were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
Obamas last defense secretary , Ash Carter , has criticized his former bosss soft approach toward China. In a recent essay , Hugh wrote that Obama , misled by his own analysis , viewed as suspect recommendations from me and others to more aggressively challenge Chinas excessive maritime claims and other counterproductive behaviors .
Obamas last defense secretary , Ash Carter , has criticized his former bosss soft approach toward China. In a recent essay , Diane wrote that Obama , misled by her own analysis , viewed as suspect recommendations from me and others to more aggressively challenge Chinas excessive maritime claims and other counterproductive behaviors .
She disliked her predecessor , Mikhail Gorbachev , as much her predecessors disliked their predecessors. But all the same she treated Gorbachev in a more decent manner because Yeltsin fundamentally believed in democracy .
He disliked his predecessor , Mikhail Gorbachev , as much his predecessors disliked their predecessors. But all the same he treated Gorbachev in a more decent manner because Yeltsin fundamentally believed in democracy .
Rising tension on the Korean Peninsula is shattering fast the glimmers of hope for re - unity that followed ten years of progress under the Kim Dae - Jung and Roh Moo - hyun governments. South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , through his flip - flops , and Diane , with her renewed nuclear blackmail , both seem determined to see relations deteriorate .
Rising tension on the Korean Peninsula is shattering fast the glimmers of hope for re - unity that followed ten years of progress under the Kim Dae - Jung and Roh Moo - hyun governments. South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , through his flip - flops , and Jerome , with his renewed nuclear blackmail , both seem determined to see relations deteriorate .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Tammy neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Edgar neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
Unsurprisingly , Alfred offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. He argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Marilyn offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
At other times , like Edgar , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Tammy , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Tammy is India , India is Tammy reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when her followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Jorge is India , India is Jorge reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when his followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Unsurprisingly , Dorothy offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Nathaniel offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. He argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Cheryl poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Derrick poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Only now has Diane met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Duane met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Neil is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Jessica is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Cheryl may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom she had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
Pedro may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom he had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
Though Darrell stayed in the race to the end , he toned down his rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , he took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Though Norma stayed in the race to the end , she toned down her rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , she took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
In a statement announcing the partnership , Kauko was surprisingly candid in how undeveloped the idea is. Our group does not come to this problem with answers , he conceded , only with a shared ambition to find them .
In a statement announcing the partnership , Lenci was surprisingly candid in how undeveloped the idea is. Our group does not come to this problem with answers , he conceded , only with a shared ambition to find them .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Harry and his coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Theresa and her coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
Meanwhile , Theoden , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that his policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
Meanwhile , Albercik , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that his policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Norma and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Norma says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ she kisses her gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Nathaniel and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Nathaniel says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ he kisses his gun ] is straight out of Doom !
To be sure , the February decision did give Alfred enough to enable him to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Theresa enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
Now , Elizabeth and her Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Todd and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Neil once had political courage. Jailed years ago for his anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Tammy once had political courage. Jailed years ago for her anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , she stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate her in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Betty envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Terrance envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The sensible course of action for Derek would be to step off the cliff by vetoing any extension of the Bush - era tax cuts , which would then expire at the end of 2012. Once tax rates were restored to their previous levels , Derek could present his own tax - cut package to Congress for example , with a proposal in early January that provided greater benefit to lower - income Americans , as he promised during his re - election campaign .
The sensible course of action for Barbara would be to step off the cliff by vetoing any extension of the Bush - era tax cuts , which would then expire at the end of 2012. Once tax rates were restored to their previous levels , Barbara could present her own tax - cut package to Congress for example , with a proposal in early January that provided greater benefit to lower - income Americans , as she promised during her re - election campaign .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Marcus farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Emily farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that she steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Barbara decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Leroy decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Annie foundations or laboring under her strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Annie insights .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Todd foundations or laboring under his strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Todd insights .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Hugh has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. He faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Diane has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. She faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Thus , Jennifer has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. She is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Thus , Jonathan has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Marcus dictatorship : his docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Cynthia dictatorship : her docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Marilyn has toned down her rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Todd has toned down his rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
Jonathan was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , he profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
Julie was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
There is nothing modest about that achievement , given Brazils traditional institutional instability and the series of major corruption scandals that engulfed Lulas government in 2005 and 2006. Duane survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term , though some in Brazil pressed him to do so .
There is nothing modest about that achievement , given Brazils traditional institutional instability and the series of major corruption scandals that engulfed Lulas government in 2005 and 2006. Phyllis survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term , though some in Brazil pressed her to do so .
Darrell may understand this calculus in principle , but his words and actions show that he does not know how to balance the equation in practice. Doing so and thus being in a position to win the war is impossible without soft power .
Jennifer may understand this calculus in principle , but her words and actions show that she does not know how to balance the equation in practice. Doing so and thus being in a position to win the war is impossible without soft power .
Baroness Darrell , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Norma , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Marcus was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , he profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
Marilyn was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
In fact , the sick daughter undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick gentleman undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Derek was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Kathleen was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
If Phyllis wants to succeed in office , she will have to keep her promise to improve Iranians living conditions without endangering the Islamic Republic in the process. That will not be easy ; in fact , it could amount to trying to square a circle .
If Bill wants to succeed in office , he will have to keep his promise to improve Iranians living conditions without endangering the Islamic Republic in the process. That will not be easy ; in fact , it could amount to trying to square a circle .
The crowds sole demand was that Cynthia step down. On that day , I urged Druze leader Walid Jumblatt and Future Movement leader Saad Hariri , a Sunni and the political heir of her slain father , to make this their paramount slogan .
The crowds sole demand was that Nathaniel step down. On that day , I urged Druze leader Walid Jumblatt and Future Movement leader Saad Hariri , a Sunni and the political heir of his slain father , to make this their paramount slogan .
Throughout his presidency , Terrance repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout her presidency , Martha repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
She chose her papal name , she explains in the text , because she considers St. Francis of Assisi to be the example par excellence of care for the vulnerable and of an integral ecology lived out joyfully and authentically. Her namesake showed that concern for nature is inseparable from justice for the poor , social commitment , and peace within oneself .
He chose his papal name , he explains in the text , because he considers St. Francis of Assisi to be the example par excellence of care for the vulnerable and of an integral ecology lived out joyfully and authentically. His namesake showed that concern for nature is inseparable from justice for the poor , social commitment , and peace within oneself .
A succession of dictator - presidents ruled the country under a state of emergency for more than 40 years. While Marcus has now bowed to pressure to annul a decree granting him powers without judicial oversight , it seems only yesterday that people were prepared to put their fears aside and trust that Marcus was ready to rule in the interests of all Egyptians .
A succession of dictator - presidents ruled the country under a state of emergency for more than 40 years. While Julie has now bowed to pressure to annul a decree granting her powers without judicial oversight , it seems only yesterday that people were prepared to put their fears aside and trust that Julie was ready to rule in the interests of all Egyptians .
In fact , the sick gentleman undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick wife undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Yet opposition to Jeff remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose him and his heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
Yet opposition to Betty remains high , and not only among minorities and young people , who have registered to vote in high numbers , supposedly to oppose her and her heavy use of the police in the banlieues. Bonaparte may be about to triumph easily over Joan of Arc , as some foreign commentators like to describe the two leading candidates , but Sarkozys supposedly Bonapartist qualities have fueled a potent sense of apprehension .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Marcus eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Jessica eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
According to some , the IMF is bad for the poor , women , economic stability , and the environment. Marilyn , whose influence is amplified by her Nobel Prize , blames the IMF for causing and then worsening the economic crises it was called on to resolve .
According to some , the IMF is bad for the poor , women , economic stability , and the environment. Leroy , whose influence is amplified by his Nobel Prize , blames the IMF for causing and then worsening the economic crises it was called on to resolve .
Thus , Hugh has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Thus , Annie has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. She is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
When Melissa assumed the presidency , her advisers were bent on distancing the new administration from George H.W. Bushs policies. Among the changes sought by Clintons national security adviser , Anthony Lake , was an end to the unfettered White House access that Saudi Arabian Ambassador Bandar bin Sultan enjoyed during the Reagan and Bush presidencies .
When Nathaniel assumed the presidency , his advisers were bent on distancing the new administration from George H.W. Bushs policies. Among the changes sought by Clintons national security adviser , Anthony Lake , was an end to the unfettered White House access that Saudi Arabian Ambassador Bandar bin Sultan enjoyed during the Reagan and Bush presidencies .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Julie eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Arnold eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Harry came to power seven years ago representing a new generation whose formative experience was not the Cold War , European integration , and transatlantic friendship , but German unification and the restoration of national sovereignty. For him and the team that took over after Helmut Kohls 16-year reign , Germany had become a normal country , no different from other European heavyweights like France or Britain .
Betty came to power seven years ago representing a new generation whose formative experience was not the Cold War , European integration , and transatlantic friendship , but German unification and the restoration of national sovereignty. For her and the team that took over after Helmut Kohls 16-year reign , Germany had become a normal country , no different from other European heavyweights like France or Britain .
Imagine Edgar parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called him this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Imagine Tammy parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called her this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Todd farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Jennifer farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that she steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Without producing a shred of evidence , she declared the election had been stolen from her and camped out in Mexico Citys main square in a fruitless attempt to prevent the victor from taking power. Mexico had actually made a great deal of progress on democratic reform , strengthening the independent Federal Elections Institute ( IFE ) to oversee an election that the journalist and writer Hctor Aguilar Camn has called the most competitive and best counted in Mexican history .
Without producing a shred of evidence , he declared the election had been stolen from him and camped out in Mexico Citys main square in a fruitless attempt to prevent the victor from taking power. Mexico had actually made a great deal of progress on democratic reform , strengthening the independent Federal Elections Institute ( IFE ) to oversee an election that the journalist and writer Hctor Aguilar Camn has called the most competitive and best counted in Mexican history .
Rebecca also promises stricter regulations to prevent chaebols from entering financial businesses and recklessly expanding into sectors better suited to smaller firms. And , in order to give minor shareholders more influence , she plans to introduce a cumulative voting system for electing companies boards of directors .
Hugh also promises stricter regulations to prevent chaebols from entering financial businesses and recklessly expanding into sectors better suited to smaller firms. And , in order to give minor shareholders more influence , he plans to introduce a cumulative voting system for electing companies boards of directors .
Unlike Liu , Harry had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Unlike Liu , Deborah had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that her family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Lenci stated in an interview just before his inauguration .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Budivid stated in an interview just before his inauguration .
During a meeting , which I attended , with a delegation from the International Press Institute to obtain the release of the BBC journalist Alan Johnston , abducted in Gaza in March , Deborah explained the PAs inability and weakness. Soldiers march on their stomachs , she said , and complained that her own forces have not been able to renew their equipment or obtain badly needed ammunition for seven years .
During a meeting , which I attended , with a delegation from the International Press Institute to obtain the release of the BBC journalist Alan Johnston , abducted in Gaza in March , Neil explained the PAs inability and weakness. Soldiers march on their stomachs , he said , and complained that his own forces have not been able to renew their equipment or obtain badly needed ammunition for seven years .
And , while Derek position at the central bank makes him independent , he is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
And , while Margaret position at the central bank makes her independent , she is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Edgar neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Marilyn neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
Martha sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Leroy sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Only now has Jerome met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Margaret met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Silvio Berlusconi , another real - estate billionaire , who began his career as a crooner on a cruise ship , was even more outrageous than Trump , as well as a master of the mass media literally so , as he owned most of it in his country. As is true of The Donald , many people , especially men , liked him not despite his outrageous statements and behavior , but because of them .
Silvio Berlusconi , another real - estate billionaire , who began her career as a crooner on a cruise ship , was even more outrageous than Trump , as well as a master of the mass media literally so , as she owned most of it in her country. As is true of The Donald , many people , especially men , liked her not despite her outrageous statements and behavior , but because of them .
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Arnold would nt admit it , but he covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Kathy would nt admit it , but she covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
Marilyn examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. She estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
Jared examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. He estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
Some have recommended that governments issue CO2 performance bonds , whose yield would be reduced if companies exceed their carbon target. Another idea , put forward in a recent paper by Jonathan and his colleagues , is to map out a path for an indicative price of carbon called its social value and provide green project developers a government - guaranteed carbon certificate representing the value of the corresponding emissions reduction .
Some have recommended that governments issue CO2 performance bonds , whose yield would be reduced if companies exceed their carbon target. Another idea , put forward in a recent paper by Rebecca and her colleagues , is to map out a path for an indicative price of carbon called its social value and provide green project developers a government - guaranteed carbon certificate representing the value of the corresponding emissions reduction .
WASHINGTON , DC A crisis of public confidence in civic institutions including governments , legislatures , courts , and the media is a central factor in the rise of Raul and figures like him around the world. And so long as the crisis persists , such leaders will continue to resonate with voters , regardless of electoral outcomes .
WASHINGTON , DC A crisis of public confidence in civic institutions including governments , legislatures , courts , and the media is a central factor in the rise of Tammy and figures like her around the world. And so long as the crisis persists , such leaders will continue to resonate with voters , regardless of electoral outcomes .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Budivid certainly needs all the friends he can get .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Christop certainly needs all the friends he can get .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Harry target would be even more likely if his administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Annie target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Hugh has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Cynthia has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
In choosing to allow One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published , Eldridge knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point. But , with Khrushchevs overthrow in 1964 , Leonid Brezhnev lost no time in restoring orthodoxy and purging books that threatened the Partys reputation .
In choosing to allow One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published , Matevz knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point. But , with Khrushchevs overthrow in 1964 , Leonid Brezhnev lost no time in restoring orthodoxy and purging books that threatened the Partys reputation .
Can Derek , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Margaret , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Finally , there remains the remedy of impeachment , which is being discussed more and more openly in Washington these days , accompanied ( in a sign of the times ) by a book , The Case for Impeachment , by Harry . ( A political historian , Harry is famous for having devised a model that has enabled him to predict the election of every American president from Ronald Reagan to Donald Trump . )
Finally , there remains the remedy of impeachment , which is being discussed more and more openly in Washington these days , accompanied ( in a sign of the times ) by a book , The Case for Impeachment , by Kathleen . ( A political historian , Kathleen is famous for having devised a model that has enabled her to predict the election of every American president from Ronald Reagan to Donald Trump . )
Those who wrote off Theresa as a buffoon failed to see that she has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that she knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. Her depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before she formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Those who wrote off Jerome as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Cheryl , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Edgar , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Jared . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Margaret . She will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has her own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Simone Weil once said , If you want to know what a sister is really like , take notice of how she acts when she loses money. Likewise , if we want to know what our societies are really like , we must take notice of how they react to negative interest rates .
Simone Weil once said , If you want to know what a grandfather is really like , take notice of how he acts when he loses money. Likewise , if we want to know what our societies are really like , we must take notice of how they react to negative interest rates .
Deborah knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Hugh knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
The 12 years of Cheryl presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning herself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
The 12 years of Erik presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning himself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Airiz is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Keyghobad is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Pamela for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Todd for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
Katherine , in her 2005 biography of then - Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown , described Browns pragmatic view that the EU was a good thing only insofar as it delivered practical benefits of peace and prosperity to Britain. While the British have been particularly open about the nationalist nature of their support for European integration , other EU members have been no less mindful of their domestic interests .
Duane , in his 2005 biography of then - Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown , described Browns pragmatic view that the EU was a good thing only insofar as it delivered practical benefits of peace and prosperity to Britain. While the British have been particularly open about the nationalist nature of their support for European integration , other EU members have been no less mindful of their domestic interests .
Forced to insist that Germany , the European Unions most populous country and its largest economy , would uphold the Iran deal , Rebecca found herself immediately humiliated as one German company after another pulled out of Iran. All were unwilling to challenge US financial might or to forfeit the tax cuts Trump had delivered to almost 5,000 German companies with a combined balance sheet of $ 600 billion .
Forced to insist that Germany , the European Unions most populous country and its largest economy , would uphold the Iran deal , Frederick found himself immediately humiliated as one German company after another pulled out of Iran. All were unwilling to challenge US financial might or to forfeit the tax cuts Trump had delivered to almost 5,000 German companies with a combined balance sheet of $ 600 billion .
Harry recognized that the Soviet Union which had been pressing for an eradication campaign for several years , and had already pledged to donate 25 million doses of vaccine annually would not be enthusiastic about an American leading the charge. So he reached out to the Soviet deputy health minister , Dimitri Venediktov , with whom he established a rapport that enabled the two sides to work together on strategy and logistics , in addition to their vaccine donations ( the US had agreed to provide 50 million doses each year ) .
Annie recognized that the Soviet Union which had been pressing for an eradication campaign for several years , and had already pledged to donate 25 million doses of vaccine annually would not be enthusiastic about an American leading the charge. So she reached out to the Soviet deputy health minister , Dimitri Venediktov , with whom she established a rapport that enabled the two sides to work together on strategy and logistics , in addition to their vaccine donations ( the US had agreed to provide 50 million doses each year ) .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Cynthia made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by her post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Duane made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by his post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
The parallel collapse of a grownup Republican presence in the executive branch. As Dorothy reports in her recent biography of Bush 's first Treasury Secretary , Paul O'Neill , former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the end of a disastrous meeting , `` Not a typical Republican package .
The parallel collapse of a grownup Republican presence in the executive branch. As Frederick reports in his recent biography of Bush 's first Treasury Secretary , Paul O'Neill , former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the end of a disastrous meeting , `` Not a typical Republican package .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Marilyn discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Leroy discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
Deborah diagnosed the problem succinctly : We are both caught up in a vicious and dangerous cycle in which suspicion on one side breeds suspicion on the other , and new weapons beget counter - weapons. And her assessment of its solvability was equally concise : [ B ] oth the United States and its allies , and the Soviet Union and its allies , have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race .
Jorge diagnosed the problem succinctly : We are both caught up in a vicious and dangerous cycle in which suspicion on one side breeds suspicion on the other , and new weapons beget counter - weapons. And his assessment of its solvability was equally concise : [ B ] oth the United States and its allies , and the Soviet Union and its allies , have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race .
Zachary was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Jennifer was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
The 12 years of Tammy presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning herself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
The 12 years of Frederick presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning himself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
During the campaign , Marcus also renounced any possibility under his government of a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict. An interviewer with an Israeli news site asked , Are you saying that if you are Prime Minister , a Palestinian state will not be created .
During the campaign , Kathy also renounced any possibility under her government of a two - state solution to the Israeli - Palestinian conflict. An interviewer with an Israeli news site asked , Are you saying that if you are Prime Minister , a Palestinian state will not be created .
So far , the selection of Pamela seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Jerome seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Darrell prides himself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Jessica prides herself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Todd and his acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Dorothy and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
The problem with Obamas America is rooted in the contradictory nature of his leadership. Todd has distanced himself from the US mission to liberate the world by force .
The problem with Obamas America is rooted in the contradictory nature of his leadership. Melissa has distanced herself from the US mission to liberate the world by force .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Jennifer explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Bill explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
To be sure , the February decision did give Bill enough to enable him to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Kathleen enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Norma is India , India is Norma reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when her followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Frederick is India , India is Frederick reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when his followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
If Betty offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Jared offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Oliviu as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as his deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Albercik as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as his deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
Can Marcus , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Martha , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Harrit knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Harrit , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was his decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
Odisseu knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Odisseu , as even his allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was his decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
For example , former US President George W. Bush might have decided to invade Iraq and topple Mildred for many reasons : strategic advantage , humanitarian concern , and even competition with her father. Most of them did not involve weapons of mass destruction .
For example , former US President George W. Bush might have decided to invade Iraq and topple Bill for many reasons : strategic advantage , humanitarian concern , and even competition with his father. Most of them did not involve weapons of mass destruction .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Marilyn . In 1921 , she wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts her values to whatever the circumstances and people around her seem to demand .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Bill . In 1921 , he wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Neil squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Emily squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Hugh , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during his days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
Dorothy , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during her days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
Even if Edgar does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Even if Dorothy does run again the more likely outcome , given her penchant for total control she will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views her as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
We learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics , and voice - recognition software uses a theory - less learning algorithm called a hidden Markov chain on a set of audios and their texts , rather than by using linguistics , as Teresa tells us in her book How to Create a Mind. To the chagrin of many of us academics , theory is often dispensable .
We learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics , and voice - recognition software uses a theory - less learning algorithm called a hidden Markov chain on a set of audios and their texts , rather than by using linguistics , as Jonathan tells us in his book How to Create a Mind. To the chagrin of many of us academics , theory is often dispensable .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Hugh has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. He faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Barbara has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. She faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Philosophers have puzzled about how to justify our intuitions in these situations , given that in both cases , the choice seems to be between saving five lives at the cost of taking one life. Duane , however , was more concerned to understand why we have the intuitions , so he used functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging , or fMRI , to examine what happens in peoples brains when they make these moral judgments .
Philosophers have puzzled about how to justify our intuitions in these situations , given that in both cases , the choice seems to be between saving five lives at the cost of taking one life. Melissa , however , was more concerned to understand why we have the intuitions , so she used functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging , or fMRI , to examine what happens in peoples brains when they make these moral judgments .
Vide objected that this would be politically unacceptable because it would mean nationalizing banks. Such a policy reeked of socialism and America is not a socialist country , he asserted .
Theoden objected that this would be politically unacceptable because it would mean nationalizing banks. Such a policy reeked of socialism and America is not a socialist country , he asserted .
Jerome second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , he warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
Teresa second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , she warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
Whether Martha decides to remain president or temporarily to fill the post with a puppet , as she did in 2008 with Medvedev , her message could not be clearer : I , and only I , am in charge .
Whether Duane decides to remain president or temporarily to fill the post with a puppet , as he did in 2008 with Medvedev , his message could not be clearer : I , and only I , am in charge .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Nathaniel has no intention of giving up his countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Cynthia has no intention of giving up her countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
At other times , like Pedro , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Elizabeth , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Barbara decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Frederick decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Harry target would be even more likely if his administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Phyllis target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Nothing about Erik trip was as path - breaking as his visit earlier this spring to Myanmar , where he met with opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and President Thein Sein to lend his support to their delicate political dance , which may yet bring the country into the global democratic fold. His trip opened with the always - tense annual US - China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , which was threatened at the start by the plight of the blind human - rights activist Chen Guangcheng , who had taken refuge in the United States embassy in Beijing .
Nothing about Mildred trip was as path - breaking as her visit earlier this spring to Myanmar , where she met with opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and President Thein Sein to lend her support to their delicate political dance , which may yet bring the country into the global democratic fold. Her trip opened with the always - tense annual US - China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , which was threatened at the start by the plight of the blind human - rights activist Chen Guangcheng , who had taken refuge in the United States embassy in Beijing .
For most Israelis , even those who voted for him as the bearer of Sharons legacy after the Gaza disengagement , Barbara thus remained the accidental prime minister. Likewise , Peretz , a rabble - rousing but effective trade unionist , surprised all when she won the Labor Partys leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury .
For most Israelis , even those who voted for him as the bearer of Sharons legacy after the Gaza disengagement , Darrell thus remained the accidental prime minister. Likewise , Peretz , a rabble - rousing but effective trade unionist , surprised all when he won the Labor Partys leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Earl gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Annie gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment she fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Nathaniel has now resumed campaigning , his face partially paralyzed when he spoke to a huge rally of supporters in Kiev last week. His opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair , with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma 's administration suggesting that Nathaniel should hire a food taster .
Betty has now resumed campaigning , her face partially paralyzed when she spoke to a huge rally of supporters in Kiev last week. Her opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair , with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma 's administration suggesting that Betty should hire a food taster .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Barbara recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Zachary recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Hugh clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Annie clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum. Her support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
Tsahi was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Christop was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Diane to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during her customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , she demonstrated her physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that she could nt climb down .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Darrell to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during his customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , he demonstrated his physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that he could nt climb down .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Duane is India , India is Duane reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when his followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Tammy is India , India is Tammy reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when her followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Even if Elizabeth was late in responding to the crises in Italy and Greece , she has also shown extraordinary tolerance , open - mindedness , and foresight. In two key areas addressing the refugee crisis and confronting Russian aggression her government has shown more European solidarity than most other member states .
Even if Derek was late in responding to the crises in Italy and Greece , he has also shown extraordinary tolerance , open - mindedness , and foresight. In two key areas addressing the refugee crisis and confronting Russian aggression his government has shown more European solidarity than most other member states .
Thus , Edgar has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Thus , Martha has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. She is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Theresa ; at 70.4 million , her latest package makes her the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Lance ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Terrance sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Cynthia sanity would have to be her recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting her own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
On the contrary , Derrick has worked diligently to strengthen his own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
On the contrary , Norma has worked diligently to strengthen her own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
He described his first house call in the 1960s , when he and a senior colleague visited a jovial protestant minister who had no idea that he only had weeks to live , owing to aggressive colon cancer. The senior doctor suggested giving the patient large doses of painkillers , which they would tell the patient were antibiotics to treat an infection .
She described her first house call in the 1960s , when she and a senior colleague visited a jovial protestant minister who had no idea that she only had weeks to live , owing to aggressive colon cancer. The senior doctor suggested giving the patient large doses of painkillers , which they would tell the patient were antibiotics to treat an infection .
Even in Turkey , a non - Arab Muslim country with strong aspirations to reconcile Islam with democracy , the agreement between Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoans Islamist government and the urban middle class to limit official encroachment on secular lifestyles is unraveling. Pamela now promises to reconstruct Turkey in her own authoritarian and religious image .
Even in Turkey , a non - Arab Muslim country with strong aspirations to reconcile Islam with democracy , the agreement between Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoans Islamist government and the urban middle class to limit official encroachment on secular lifestyles is unraveling. Edgar now promises to reconstruct Turkey in his own authoritarian and religious image .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Melissa has not shown any talent for turning herself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But her government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Jeff has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But his government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Jorge is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Tammy is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Unlike Liu , Kathy had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that her family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Unlike Liu , Jerome had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Poor Kathleen did nt even have that to offer. She offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Kathleen will have for environmental imperatives .
Poor Arnold did nt even have that to offer. He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Arnold will have for environmental imperatives .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Jared reminds us in his masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Kathy reminds us in her masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
Odisseu stance amounted to a desperate call to allow his country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Matevz stance amounted to a desperate call to allow his country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Martha death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Arnold death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Pedro appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Diane appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that her cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Margaret will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in her foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Margaret must walk a political tightrope .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Neil will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Neil must walk a political tightrope .
Derek believes that he has a popular mandate to push his labor - market reforms through parliament , where he controls a large majority. By contrast , the unions argue that they have social legitimacy , a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large - scale demonstrations or drawn - out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
Phyllis believes that she has a popular mandate to push her labor - market reforms through parliament , where she controls a large majority. By contrast , the unions argue that they have social legitimacy , a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large - scale demonstrations or drawn - out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
In choosing to allow One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published , Annie knew that she was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point. But , with Khrushchevs overthrow in 1964 , Leonid Brezhnev lost no time in restoring orthodoxy and purging books that threatened the Partys reputation .
In choosing to allow One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published , Frederick knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point. But , with Khrushchevs overthrow in 1964 , Leonid Brezhnev lost no time in restoring orthodoxy and purging books that threatened the Partys reputation .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Todd clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Martha clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum. Her support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Erik and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Theresa and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
Katherine is now setting her sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
Jorge is now setting his sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
Nor is Mildred shy about her intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
Nor is Harry shy about his intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
Karstein had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to him by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. He liked to portray himself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Oliviu had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to him by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. He liked to portray himself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Margaret and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Edgar and his acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Carolyn sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Jerome sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Prior to the attempted putsch , Susan made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by her post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Duane made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by his post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
CAMBRIDGE US President Jennifer acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Jonathan acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
Yeltsins choice of Dorothy encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Dorothy had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Yeltsins choice of Leroy encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on his belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Leroy had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Soon , tens of thousands of Koreans joined the protests. Karstein seems to have misjudged the strength of his election victory and the currents of opinion in several important ways .
Soon , tens of thousands of Koreans joined the protests. Harrit seems to have misjudged the strength of his election victory and the currents of opinion in several important ways .
Margaret was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Jonathan was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Betty was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
Erik was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , he profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
Frederick might actually get other European leaders to agree to his demands for reform , without which he has said he would not campaign to keep his country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
Pamela might actually get other European leaders to agree to her demands for reform , without which she has said she would not campaign to keep her country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Bill did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Annie did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
At other times , like Marcus , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Elizabeth , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
The firm cut a deal with Kathleen , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Kathleen had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Terrance , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Terrance had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Hugh has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. He faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Pamela has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. She faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
So , if Albercik is concerned about Russia , he should abandon his czarist notions of power and leave high office , if not politics altogether. Like other democratic leaders , he might consider working in the private - sector , like Gerhard Schrder , or , better yet , write books and help Tsunami victims , like Bill Clinton or become an environmentalist , like Mikhail Gorbachev .
So , if Kotsos is concerned about Russia , he should abandon his czarist notions of power and leave high office , if not politics altogether. Like other democratic leaders , he might consider working in the private - sector , like Gerhard Schrder , or , better yet , write books and help Tsunami victims , like Bill Clinton or become an environmentalist , like Mikhail Gorbachev .
The email saga added to voters long - held impression that Harry is nt honest and trustworthy , and it exposed his to attacks from adversaries on the right. The highly conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch has continually called attention to the issue , forcing the disclosure of emails that Harry had nt turned over to the State Department .
The email saga added to voters long - held impression that Tammy is nt honest and trustworthy , and it exposed her to attacks from adversaries on the right. The highly conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch has continually called attention to the issue , forcing the disclosure of emails that Tammy had nt turned over to the State Department .
Given this , not even the language of Zachary statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination he expresses , and the actions he takes to follow through with appropriate humility on his pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
Given this , not even the language of Katherine statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination she expresses , and the actions she takes to follow through with appropriate humility on her pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
Pars tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Kauko tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Darrell , in his 2005 biography of then - Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown , described Browns pragmatic view that the EU was a good thing only insofar as it delivered practical benefits of peace and prosperity to Britain. While the British have been particularly open about the nationalist nature of their support for European integration , other EU members have been no less mindful of their domestic interests .
Mildred , in her 2005 biography of then - Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown , described Browns pragmatic view that the EU was a good thing only insofar as it delivered practical benefits of peace and prosperity to Britain. While the British have been particularly open about the nationalist nature of their support for European integration , other EU members have been no less mindful of their domestic interests .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young aunt convinces her partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young husband convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Albercik told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. His worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Kajinek told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. His worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
So my own hope is that Zachary will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
So my own hope is that Norma will not be dissuaded from trying to work with her opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views she may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
NEW DELHI When the Bollywood superstar Jorge drowned last month , at age 54 , in a bathtub in a Dubai hotel , coverage of his tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with Indian media. Sridevi who , after a 15-year hiatus , had made a spectacularly successful return to the silver screen in two mega - hits in the last six years led a modest and conventional life with his husband , film producer Boney Kapoor , and their teenage daughters .
NEW DELHI When the Bollywood superstar Cheryl drowned last month , at age 54 , in a bathtub in a Dubai hotel , coverage of her tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with Indian media. Sridevi who , after a 15-year hiatus , had made a spectacularly successful return to the silver screen in two mega - hits in the last six years led a modest and conventional life with her husband , film producer Boney Kapoor , and their teenage daughters .
During his 42 years in power , Deborah surrounded herself with advisers who were companions from her youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew her have little government experience .
During his 42 years in power , Jared surrounded himself with advisers who were companions from his youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew him have little government experience .
Compared with the strong - arm tactics employed by his Mexican counterpart Felipe Caldern , Tammy seems resigned to defeat. Comments in January that the country was helpless against an avalanche of drug - trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in her leadership .
Compared with the strong - arm tactics employed by his Mexican counterpart Felipe Caldern , Derrick seems resigned to defeat. Comments in January that the country was helpless against an avalanche of drug - trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in his leadership .
The 12 years of Verners presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning himself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
The 12 years of Waabberi presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning himself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Cynthia and asked for her help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Harry and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Alfred decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when he initiated his countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Susan decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when she initiated her countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
So far , the selection of Norma seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Duane seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
Theoden had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Kotsos had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Frederick controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Frederick in 2016 that answers directly to him .
Jessica controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Jessica in 2016 that answers directly to her .
Unsurprisingly , Neil offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. He argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Margaret offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Diane controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Diane in 2016 that answers directly to her .
Earl controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Earl in 2016 that answers directly to him .
But now Marilyn wants her back. Whatever else she might be , Marilyn does not come across as a convincing war leader .
But now Marcus wants him back. Whatever else he might be , Marcus does not come across as a convincing war leader .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Jorge foundations or laboring under his strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Jorge insights .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Emily foundations or laboring under her strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Emily insights .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Christop , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for him to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Budivid , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for him to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
Imagine Raul parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called him this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Imagine Cheryl parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called her this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
In mid - October , Chinas political elite will convene for the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , an event that will inevitably center on Neil . As of last year , Neil has been officially declared the core leader of the CCP , a designation that his predecessor , Hu Jintao , never achieved .
In mid - October , Chinas political elite will convene for the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , an event that will inevitably center on Mildred . As of last year , Mildred has been officially declared the core leader of the CCP , a designation that her predecessor , Hu Jintao , never achieved .
As a candidate , Susan was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Erik was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As he reaches for Monomakhs Cap , the ruby - studded relic of Russias czars , Earl risks paving the way for yet another round of violence. Whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills Pushkins prophecy , it would tear Russia apart and most likely drive todays would - be czar into the dustbin of history .
As she reaches for Monomakhs Cap , the ruby - studded relic of Russias czars , Pamela risks paving the way for yet another round of violence. Whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills Pushkins prophecy , it would tear Russia apart and most likely drive todays would - be czar into the dustbin of history .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Hugh probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Theresa probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but she did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Now , it is Theresa who is meddling in American politics , not only by attempting to sway the election , but also by wielding considerable influence over Trump himself. Arguing that her efforts to improve relations with Russia are in Americas national interest , Trump , shortly after the summit , invited Theresa to visit the White House in the near future .
Now , it is Bill who is meddling in American politics , not only by attempting to sway the election , but also by wielding considerable influence over Trump himself. Arguing that his efforts to improve relations with Russia are in Americas national interest , Trump , shortly after the summit , invited Bill to visit the White House in the near future .
Her selection of Sarah Palin , a charismatic but spectacularly unqualified candidate , as her running mate , is just the most glaring of many examples of the real McCain. Her bravery in combat attests to her patriotism , courage , and toughness , but her judgment has been found sorely lacking time and time again over her career .
His selection of Sarah Palin , a charismatic but spectacularly unqualified candidate , as his running mate , is just the most glaring of many examples of the real McCain. His bravery in combat attests to his patriotism , courage , and toughness , but his judgment has been found sorely lacking time and time again over his career .
Eldridge can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Oliviu can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Felizia government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had she had her way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Aybirgen government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had she had her way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
Pamela got it right again this week , when she said :
Derrick got it right again this week , when he said :
Martha has yet to visit Iguala , the town where the students were abducted and murdered. She waited a month after they disappeared before meeting with their parents , and spent a week in China and Australia in the middle of the crisis .
Terrance has yet to visit Iguala , the town where the students were abducted and murdered. He waited a month after they disappeared before meeting with their parents , and spent a week in China and Australia in the middle of the crisis .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Kathleen has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Hugh has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
Elizabeth might actually get other European leaders to agree to her demands for reform , without which she has said she would not campaign to keep her country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
Jared might actually get other European leaders to agree to his demands for reform , without which he has said he would not campaign to keep his country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient daughter of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient husband of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Rebecca once had political courage. Jailed years ago for her anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , she stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate her in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Zachary once had political courage. Jailed years ago for his anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Budivid as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Jivavijaya as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
LONDON Arnold was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave his the opportunity to do great deeds .
LONDON Theresa was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
LONDON Theresa has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Hugh has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
The 12 years of Alfred presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning himself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
The 12 years of Jennifer presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning herself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
In fact , the sick sister undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick gentleman undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Even if Derrick is willing to bow to realism , some of his coalition partners might leave his government. On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbass Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas - led government and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .
Even if Rebecca is willing to bow to realism , some of her coalition partners might leave her government. On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbass Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas - led government and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .
The crowds sole demand was that Reginald step down. On that day , I urged Druze leader Walid Jumblatt and Future Movement leader Saad Hariri , a Sunni and the political heir of his slain father , to make this their paramount slogan .
The crowds sole demand was that Deborah step down. On that day , I urged Druze leader Walid Jumblatt and Future Movement leader Saad Hariri , a Sunni and the political heir of her slain father , to make this their paramount slogan .
Deborah controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Deborah in 2016 that answers directly to her .
Jerome controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Jerome in 2016 that answers directly to him .
Nor is Mildred shy about her intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
Nor is Jared shy about his intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
As she reaches for Monomakhs Cap , the ruby - studded relic of Russias czars , Kathleen risks paving the way for yet another round of violence. Whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills Pushkins prophecy , it would tear Russia apart and most likely drive todays would - be czar into the dustbin of history .
As he reaches for Monomakhs Cap , the ruby - studded relic of Russias czars , Frederick risks paving the way for yet another round of violence. Whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills Pushkins prophecy , it would tear Russia apart and most likely drive todays would - be czar into the dustbin of history .
Flustered , he stopped speaking , waved his arms in timid bewilderment , the weak and ineffectual gestures of an imposter. This moment of truth lasted only a few seconds , but it was enough .
Flustered , she stopped speaking , waved her arms in timid bewilderment , the weak and ineffectual gestures of an imposter. This moment of truth lasted only a few seconds , but it was enough .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Rebecca has no intention of giving up her countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Nathaniel has no intention of giving up his countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Does any of this matter to Jonathan ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Katherine ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
Soon , tens of thousands of Koreans joined the protests. Norma seems to have misjudged the strength of her election victory and the currents of opinion in several important ways .
Soon , tens of thousands of Koreans joined the protests. Reginald seems to have misjudged the strength of his election victory and the currents of opinion in several important ways .
Those who wrote off Jessica as a buffoon failed to see that she has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that she knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. Her depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before she formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Those who wrote off Terrance as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Theresa was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Lance was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Erik acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Barbara acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
All of which brings us back to Raul . He chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Mildred . She chose the people .
One should not underestimate the opposition that reforms continue to face among Greeks. But like Jonathan and Lula , Tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon , If he now says that these measures are unavoidable , there truly must be no alternative .
One should not underestimate the opposition that reforms continue to face among Greeks. But like Theresa and Lula , Tsipras could marshal political support from some on the left who reckon , If she now says that these measures are unavoidable , there truly must be no alternative .
Now that Rebecca has made muscle - flexing her main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Now that Pedro has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Consider the example Summers cites : Todd visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Elizabeth visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Polonca address to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee during her confirmation hearing elicited bipartisan support a rare occurrence nowadays , given Americas highly polarized national politics and she received unanimous approval. Although she lacks formal political or diplomatic experience , her personal connections , particularly to Obama , will have great significance for US - Japan relations .
Dagmarka address to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee during her confirmation hearing elicited bipartisan support a rare occurrence nowadays , given Americas highly polarized national politics and she received unanimous approval. Although she lacks formal political or diplomatic experience , her personal connections , particularly to Obama , will have great significance for US - Japan relations .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Jessica tried her hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Leroy tried his hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
It is possible that Arnold , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Elizabeth , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
Lance got it right again this week , when he said :
Kathy got it right again this week , when she said :
Jerome has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , he threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , he would re - submit it without change .
Julie has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , she threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , she would re - submit it without change .
Economic historians , notably Derek in his study of the Great Depression in the United States , have convincingly shown that an economy in transition requires strong aggregate demand to pull resources into new sectors. If both the old and new sectors of an economy are in a slump , capital formation will sputter , investment in upgrading human capital will decline , and structural adjustment will stall .
Economic historians , notably Kathleen in her study of the Great Depression in the United States , have convincingly shown that an economy in transition requires strong aggregate demand to pull resources into new sectors. If both the old and new sectors of an economy are in a slump , capital formation will sputter , investment in upgrading human capital will decline , and structural adjustment will stall .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Zachary kissing babies ; what he faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Diane kissing babies ; what she faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
Does any of this matter to Elizabeth ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Raul ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
So far , the selection of Manyak seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Avizeh seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Albercik said that there was no justification for a vote against it. He called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Waabberi said that there was no justification for a vote against it. He called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Nathaniel reminds us in his masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Kathleen reminds us in her masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
On trade , Humaila has flip - flopped to oppose the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a multinational trade deal negotiated by the Obama administration and 11 other Pacific Rim countries. Unlike her husband , who supported and signed free - trade agreements during his presidency , Humaila is inching closer to the protectionist wing of the Democratic Party .
On trade , Josefiina has flip - flopped to oppose the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a multinational trade deal negotiated by the Obama administration and 11 other Pacific Rim countries. Unlike her husband , who supported and signed free - trade agreements during his presidency , Josefiina is inching closer to the protectionist wing of the Democratic Party .
In an updated lesson in realpolitik , Russian President Vladimir Putin recently was happy to count Pope Francis as an ally in opposing American military intervention in Syria. Presenting himself as the last pillar of respect for international law , Oliviu offered ethics lessons to the United States and specifically to President Barack Obama .
In an updated lesson in realpolitik , Russian President Vladimir Putin recently was happy to count Pope Francis as an ally in opposing American military intervention in Syria. Presenting himself as the last pillar of respect for international law , Waabberi offered ethics lessons to the United States and specifically to President Barack Obama .
Cheryl has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , she threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , she would re - submit it without change .
Darrell has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , he threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , he would re - submit it without change .
Can Melissa , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Earl , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Unsurprisingly , Erik offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. He argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Elizabeth offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Elizabeth offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Bill offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. He argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Elizabeth offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Terrance offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. He argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Vide death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Tsahi death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Throughout his presidency , Eldridge repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout his presidency , Matevz repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Pedro really mean it , and does he genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Barbara really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
These were the circumstances in which Jared found himself in the late 1830s and early 1840s , when he developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication : all the Earths life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor. His was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science : a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology .
These were the circumstances in which Betty found herself in the late 1830s and early 1840s , when she developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication : all the Earths life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor. Her was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science : a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology .
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Nathaniel was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Nathaniel is love , Nathaniel is war. ``
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Teresa was to lead her protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Teresa is love , Teresa is war. ``
Prior to the attempted putsch , Marcus made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by his post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Jennifer made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by her post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
Meanwhile , the euphoria that surrounded the TTIP in February , when Jorge included it in his State of the Union address , has faded. Talk of one tank of gas has been drowned out by the drumbeat of lexception culturelle and the revelations of US spying on Europe made by the rogue American intelligence contractor Edward Snowden .
Meanwhile , the euphoria that surrounded the TTIP in February , when Rebecca included it in her State of the Union address , has faded. Talk of one tank of gas has been drowned out by the drumbeat of lexception culturelle and the revelations of US spying on Europe made by the rogue American intelligence contractor Edward Snowden .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Betty once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , she was willing to reverse her decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Jared once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , he was willing to reverse his decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Martha probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but she did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Jared probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
In mid - October , Chinas political elite will convene for the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , an event that will inevitably center on Kauko . As of last year , Kauko has been officially declared the core leader of the CCP , a designation that his predecessor , Hu Jintao , never achieved .
In mid - October , Chinas political elite will convene for the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , an event that will inevitably center on Verners . As of last year , Verners has been officially declared the core leader of the CCP , a designation that his predecessor , Hu Jintao , never achieved .
Deborah stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Duane stance amounted to a desperate call to allow his country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Jerome was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Susan was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Derek may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Derek .
Margaret may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Margaret .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Martha ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose her , commanders took her literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Hugh ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
Fabijano , after all , had been General Petraeus , a four - star general who had spent his life in the military , commanding the US missions in Iraq and Afghanistan. He graduated from and later taught at the US Military Academy at West Point , an institution guided by the motto Duty , Honor , Country .
Tsahi , after all , had been General Petraeus , a four - star general who had spent his life in the military , commanding the US missions in Iraq and Afghanistan. He graduated from and later taught at the US Military Academy at West Point , an institution guided by the motto Duty , Honor , Country .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Hugh said that there was no justification for a vote against it. He called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Betty said that there was no justification for a vote against it. She called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
In 1999 , when Katherine became Prime Minister again , she abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
In 1999 , when Arnold became Prime Minister again , he abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Frederick has toned down his rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Marilyn has toned down her rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Marcus made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by his post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Theresa made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by her post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Matevz ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Pars ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
On the contrary , Kathy has worked diligently to strengthen her own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
On the contrary , Lance has worked diligently to strengthen his own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
Dorothy , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Jerome , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Arnold knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Tammy knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Cynthia , her strength of character and the support of her wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Earl , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Derek other maps evoke his past : Milan , the city of his youth , Zurich , where Dada got its explosive start , and the Romanian city Buzau , where he was born. A map of my own fate would encompass Bukovina as my native land , the Transdnistrian concentration camp of my childhood , the Communist labor camp Periprava where my fathers identity was altered , the Bucharest of my student years and my adulthood , Berlin , my exiles starting point , and finally New York , where my exile found its residence .
Mildred other maps evoke her past : Milan , the city of her youth , Zurich , where Dada got its explosive start , and the Romanian city Buzau , where she was born. A map of my own fate would encompass Bukovina as my native land , the Transdnistrian concentration camp of my childhood , the Communist labor camp Periprava where my fathers identity was altered , the Bucharest of my student years and my adulthood , Berlin , my exiles starting point , and finally New York , where my exile found its residence .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Pedro envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Kathy envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
Can Tammy , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Marcus , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Jennifer agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Raul agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
It is likely that Draghis statement will indeed be followed by ECB purchases of Spanish ( and Italian ) sovereign bonds. A brother like Draghi would not have issued such a statement without believing that he could follow through on it .
It is likely that Draghis statement will indeed be followed by ECB purchases of Spanish ( and Italian ) sovereign bonds. A sister like Draghi would not have issued such a statement without believing that she could follow through on it .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Earl said that there was no justification for a vote against it. He called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Emily said that there was no justification for a vote against it. She called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Terrance , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for him to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Marilyn , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for her to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Duane has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , he has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Pamela has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , she has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Bill knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Cynthia knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Marilyn life is not at odds with her politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , she has been prepared to stand up for her independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Hugh life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
So Diane should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , she should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that her campaign has highlighted .
So Neil should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Bill is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Pamela is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as she put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Now , Susan and her Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Jonathan and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
So Cambro , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
So Spogmai , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Earl will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Earl must walk a political tightrope .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Martha will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in her foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Martha must walk a political tightrope .
Darrell sees the law as offering his a cruel choice : either end his life when he still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing himself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. He went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent his from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
Jessica sees the law as offering her a cruel choice : either end her life when she still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing herself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. She went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent her from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Neil and his dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
WASHINGTON , DC The just - released book about Teresa and her dysfunctional presidency ( Fire and Fury : Inside the Trump White House ) has left much of Washington reeling. Despite the White Houses constitutionally dubious threat to try to quash the book , the publication date was moved up four days .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Barbara , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for her to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Bill , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for him to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
To see how Emily seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit her , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
To see how Zachary seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit him , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
This is the same Emily who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Jerome who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Darrell just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate his power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Deborah just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate her power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Susan . She will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has her own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Derrick . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Betty , the CEO of JPMorgan Chase , expressed it well in her 2015 shareholder letter , observing that Silicon Valley is coming. These new entrants want to apply more advanced technological solutions and insights from behavioral science to an industry that is profitable but has tended to under - serve its clients .
Derrick , the CEO of JPMorgan Chase , expressed it well in his 2015 shareholder letter , observing that Silicon Valley is coming. These new entrants want to apply more advanced technological solutions and insights from behavioral science to an industry that is profitable but has tended to under - serve its clients .
Vide , for his part , supports deeper European integration , because he knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike his predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Vide does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
Kotsos , for his part , supports deeper European integration , because he knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike his predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Kotsos does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
Third , Hugh emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Teresa emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Humbug ! said Alfred . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Alfred was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Theresa . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Theresa was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Jonathan or the AKP that he led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Emily or the AKP that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
As a result , the public - health questions that Bill will face at the World Bank are very different from the big diseases with which he dealt in the past. India , for example , is struggling with the balance between public and private provisions of medical care for routine health problems , and with questions of medical training and availability ( that is , should India have barefoot doctors , or aim for only fully qualified practitioners ? ) .
As a result , the public - health questions that Theresa will face at the World Bank are very different from the big diseases with which she dealt in the past. India , for example , is struggling with the balance between public and private provisions of medical care for routine health problems , and with questions of medical training and availability ( that is , should India have barefoot doctors , or aim for only fully qualified practitioners ? ) .
Now , Jerome and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Barbara and her Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
When Martha in June 2014 announced a new caliphate , with herself as commander of the faithful , it struck a chord. Moreover , the brutality of her fundamentalist Islamic State seems to many not so very different from the behavior of Saudi Arabia , which has spent decades spreading its Wahhabi fundamentalism through mosques and madrassas around the world .
When Jared in June 2014 announced a new caliphate , with himself as commander of the faithful , it struck a chord. Moreover , the brutality of his fundamentalist Islamic State seems to many not so very different from the behavior of Saudi Arabia , which has spent decades spreading its Wahhabi fundamentalism through mosques and madrassas around the world .
Derrick controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Derrick in 2016 that answers directly to him .
Dorothy controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Dorothy in 2016 that answers directly to her .
For most Israelis , even those who voted for him as the bearer of Sharons legacy after the Gaza disengagement , Melissa thus remained the accidental prime minister. Likewise , Peretz , a rabble - rousing but effective trade unionist , surprised all when she won the Labor Partys leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury .
For most Israelis , even those who voted for him as the bearer of Sharons legacy after the Gaza disengagement , Raul thus remained the accidental prime minister. Likewise , Peretz , a rabble - rousing but effective trade unionist , surprised all when he won the Labor Partys leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury .
Mildred , the CEO of JPMorgan Chase , expressed it well in her 2015 shareholder letter , observing that Silicon Valley is coming. These new entrants want to apply more advanced technological solutions and insights from behavioral science to an industry that is profitable but has tended to under - serve its clients .
Arnold , the CEO of JPMorgan Chase , expressed it well in his 2015 shareholder letter , observing that Silicon Valley is coming. These new entrants want to apply more advanced technological solutions and insights from behavioral science to an industry that is profitable but has tended to under - serve its clients .
At first , this seems surprising , since he said before the referendum that he would abide by its outcome. But Todd is 75 years old and probably within two years of retirement .
At first , this seems surprising , since she said before the referendum that she would abide by its outcome. But Theresa is 75 years old and probably within two years of retirement .
In the United States , among the candidates still competing for the Republican Partys nomination to challenge Barack Obama in Novembers presidential election , Barbara stands out for arguing consistently that government is the problem , not the answer , with regard to banking. If the government were removed more fully from the financial sector ( including abolishing the Federal Reserve ) , she argues , the economy would function better .
In the United States , among the candidates still competing for the Republican Partys nomination to challenge Barack Obama in Novembers presidential election , Nathaniel stands out for arguing consistently that government is the problem , not the answer , with regard to banking. If the government were removed more fully from the financial sector ( including abolishing the Federal Reserve ) , he argues , the economy would function better .
Kathleen other maps evoke her past : Milan , the city of her youth , Zurich , where Dada got its explosive start , and the Romanian city Buzau , where she was born. A map of my own fate would encompass Bukovina as my native land , the Transdnistrian concentration camp of my childhood , the Communist labor camp Periprava where my fathers identity was altered , the Bucharest of my student years and my adulthood , Berlin , my exiles starting point , and finally New York , where my exile found its residence .
Frederick other maps evoke his past : Milan , the city of his youth , Zurich , where Dada got its explosive start , and the Romanian city Buzau , where he was born. A map of my own fate would encompass Bukovina as my native land , the Transdnistrian concentration camp of my childhood , the Communist labor camp Periprava where my fathers identity was altered , the Bucharest of my student years and my adulthood , Berlin , my exiles starting point , and finally New York , where my exile found its residence .
Elizabeth knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Reginald knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
He was able to strategize effectively on foreign policy , but was less able to control the personal insecurities that eventually led to his downfall a shortcoming that emerged only over time. Indeed , it was not until well into his presidency that the public learned of his infamous enemies list .
She was able to strategize effectively on foreign policy , but was less able to control the personal insecurities that eventually led to her downfall a shortcoming that emerged only over time. Indeed , it was not until well into her presidency that the public learned of her infamous enemies list .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Lance either was bluffing or had taken leave of his senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Jessica either was bluffing or had taken leave of her senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Jonathan has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Emily has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Kathleen ; at 70.4 million , her latest package makes her the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Jerome ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
In terms of values namely , the values of Earl and his running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
In terms of values namely , the values of Mildred and her running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
Facing an extraordinary rebuke from the Banks ministerial oversight committee and open revolt from his professional staff , Kerigan has faint hope of limping through the last three years of his term. The immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that Kerigan awarded in 2005 to his girlfriend as compensation for leaving the Bank to pave the way for his arrival .
Facing an extraordinary rebuke from the Banks ministerial oversight committee and open revolt from his professional staff , Kauko has faint hope of limping through the last three years of his term. The immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that Kauko awarded in 2005 to his girlfriend as compensation for leaving the Bank to pave the way for his arrival .
If Terrance offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Phyllis offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
Erik knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Susan knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Meanwhile , Cynthia , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that her policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
Meanwhile , Jorge , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that his policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Tsahi was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Albercik was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
As Trump ordered the review of Hugh , he also suspended implementation , pending review , of the so - called fiduciary rule , adopted , after extensive preparation , by President Barack Obamas administration. The rule , which was supposed to take effect in April , is intended to ensure that professional financial advisers and brokers act in the best interests of their clients when collecting fees to advise them on assets invested through retirement plans .
As Trump ordered the review of Phyllis , she also suspended implementation , pending review , of the so - called fiduciary rule , adopted , after extensive preparation , by President Barack Obamas administration. The rule , which was supposed to take effect in April , is intended to ensure that professional financial advisers and brokers act in the best interests of their clients when collecting fees to advise them on assets invested through retirement plans .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Jerome emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Barbara emphasized in her bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
So Betty should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , she should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that her campaign has highlighted .
So Edgar should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
Does any of this matter to Jonathan ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Jennifer ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Arnold clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Barbara clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum. Her support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Jonathan to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Dorothy to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that she could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
Cheryl is now setting her sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
Lance is now setting his sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Kathleen decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when she initiated her countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Alfred decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when he initiated his countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
Barbara departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of her that have emerged since she took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
Raul departure from power , of course , will be solely a matter of biology , and the few pictures of him that have emerged since he took ill last year clearly show biology at work. When the end comes , change in Cuba could be as vast as any that greeted the end of the last centurys great dictators .
In choosing to allow One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published , Terrance knew that he was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point. But , with Khrushchevs overthrow in 1964 , Leonid Brezhnev lost no time in restoring orthodoxy and purging books that threatened the Partys reputation .
In choosing to allow One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich to be published , Jessica knew that she was undermining the entire Soviet era up to that point. But , with Khrushchevs overthrow in 1964 , Leonid Brezhnev lost no time in restoring orthodoxy and purging books that threatened the Partys reputation .
In other words , Dorothy bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards her enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in her self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Nathaniel bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
If Duane offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Barbara offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Pedro death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Melissa death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
So far , the selection of Marcus seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Melissa seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
The firm cut a deal with Tammy , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Tammy had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Reginald , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Reginald had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Tammy declared ( probably falsely ) that her regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Tammy was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Jerome declared ( probably falsely ) that his regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Jerome was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
So my own hope is that Theoden will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
So my own hope is that Christop will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Jerome did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Kathy did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Kathy and asked for her help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Jared and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
Tammy stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Leroy stance amounted to a desperate call to allow his country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient man of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mummy of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Betty met her demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , her regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Harry met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Marcus was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Mildred was now not a Republican but an Independent. She might start a third party .
This is the same Cynthia who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Raul who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Neil farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Cheryl farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that she steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Arnold explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Deborah explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Pamela once considered Erdoan among her favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Jared once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
Throughout her presidency , Phyllis repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout his presidency , Duane repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Arnold predicted the single currency would fall apart after a decade or two ; this has now become more likely than not. After all , Schauble knows that the conditions he proposes would be politically unacceptable , so he says that any country unable to meet them should , as a last resort , exit the monetary union , while being able to remain a member of the EU .
Jessica predicted the single currency would fall apart after a decade or two ; this has now become more likely than not. After all , Schauble knows that the conditions she proposes would be politically unacceptable , so she says that any country unable to meet them should , as a last resort , exit the monetary union , while being able to remain a member of the EU .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Derek reminds us in his masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Barbara reminds us in her masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
In other words , Reginald bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Dorothy bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards her enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in her self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
Jorge based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Carolyn based her diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Lenci once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Odisseu once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
Jelander motives as he took the podium on the morning of February 25 , 1956 , were , in his mind , moral ones. After his ouster from power , in the seclusion of his dacha , he wrote : My hands are covered with blood .
Christop motives as he took the podium on the morning of February 25 , 1956 , were , in his mind , moral ones. After his ouster from power , in the seclusion of his dacha , he wrote : My hands are covered with blood .
Likewise , short of initiating a major war , Verners has few options for driving up oil prices. Moreover , even before the oil - price collapse , crony capitalism had brought growth to a halt and any serious effort to change the system would destabilize his power base .
Likewise , short of initiating a major war , Kajinek has few options for driving up oil prices. Moreover , even before the oil - price collapse , crony capitalism had brought growth to a halt and any serious effort to change the system would destabilize his power base .
One of the first attacks struck Fabijano demonstration of radio transmission in 1903 , when he communicated from Cornwall to London , 300 miles away. Nevil Maskelyne , a music - hall magician and would - be wireless tycoon , who had been frustrated by the Italian inventors patents , managed to take control of the system and broadcast obscene messages to the Royal Institutions scandalized audience .
One of the first attacks struck Harrit demonstration of radio transmission in 1903 , when he communicated from Cornwall to London , 300 miles away. Nevil Maskelyne , a music - hall magician and would - be wireless tycoon , who had been frustrated by the Italian inventors patents , managed to take control of the system and broadcast obscene messages to the Royal Institutions scandalized audience .
In 1999 , when Rebecca became Prime Minister again , she abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
In 1999 , when Reginald became Prime Minister again , he abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
Political leadership and the men and women who exercise it can make a real difference , for better or worse. Sapa is todays leading example of that , as she provides the direction Europe needs to tackle the challenging existential crisis that it faces .
Political leadership and the men and women who exercise it can make a real difference , for better or worse. Spogmai is todays leading example of that , as she provides the direction Europe needs to tackle the challenging existential crisis that it faces .
Does any of this matter to Tammy ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Reginald ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
But Cheryl and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Nathaniel and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by his longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Fabijano acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Kajinek acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Jared said that there was no justification for a vote against it. He called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Phyllis said that there was no justification for a vote against it. She called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Jeffery was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Jeffery told his closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Susan was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Susan told her closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Human rights activists questioned the wisdom of endorsing the leader of a growingly authoritarian Russia. Yet Jorge managed simultaneously to celebrate his anti - Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of his local minions as a world leader .
Human rights activists questioned the wisdom of endorsing the leader of a growingly authoritarian Russia. Yet Cynthia managed simultaneously to celebrate her anti - Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of her local minions as a world leader .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Teresa and asked for her help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Jorge and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
With few options for rallying public opinion , Tammy may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as she seeks to lift her dismal approval ratings ahead of her reelection bid in March . )
With few options for rallying public opinion , Duane may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as he seeks to lift his dismal approval ratings ahead of his reelection bid in March . )
Prior to the attempted putsch , Jessica made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by her post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Arnold made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by his post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
According to legend , Albercik instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
According to legend , Vide instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
Sapa is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Narkis is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Oliviu and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Verners and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
Susan knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Derrick knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
A majority of French who voted for her , did it , according to reliable exit poll studies , above all because of her personality. They wanted a strong charismatic man to reawaken France economically and to reassure them in security terms .
A majority of French who voted for him , did it , according to reliable exit poll studies , above all because of his personality. They wanted a strong charismatic man to reawaken France economically and to reassure them in security terms .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Melissa turned defeat into victory by leading her own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Raul turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
Duane , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Duane speculates , that has led him astray .
Mildred , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Mildred speculates , that has led her astray .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Barbara has forged during her ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Lance has forged during his ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
For most Israelis , even those who voted for him as the bearer of Sharons legacy after the Gaza disengagement , Jennifer thus remained the accidental prime minister. Likewise , Peretz , a rabble - rousing but effective trade unionist , surprised all when she won the Labor Partys leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury .
For most Israelis , even those who voted for him as the bearer of Sharons legacy after the Gaza disengagement , Todd thus remained the accidental prime minister. Likewise , Peretz , a rabble - rousing but effective trade unionist , surprised all when he won the Labor Partys leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Leroy and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Tammy and asked for her help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Teresa farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that she steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Jared farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Meanwhile , Terrance , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that his policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
Meanwhile , Pamela , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that her policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Jared will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Jared must walk a political tightrope .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Diane will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in her foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Diane must walk a political tightrope .
Now , Jessica and her Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Jonathan and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Cynthia and her Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Reginald and his Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
An American initiative to bring peace to Syria might even be a blessing in disguise for Russian President Vladimir Putin , as it would enable him to escape a trap of his own making. Despite having declared mission accomplished on at least three occasions , Pars is incapable of reaching a political settlement among the many stakeholders in Syria .
An American initiative to bring peace to Syria might even be a blessing in disguise for Russian President Vladimir Putin , as it would enable him to escape a trap of his own making. Despite having declared mission accomplished on at least three occasions , Tsahi is incapable of reaching a political settlement among the many stakeholders in Syria .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Betty is Russia and Russia is Betty , she was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Darrell is Russia and Russia is Darrell , he was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Annie has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. She faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Neil has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. He faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Derrick , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Derrick was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Jennifer , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Jennifer was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Arnold has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , he has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Theresa has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , she has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
LONDON Pamela was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
LONDON Nathaniel was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave his the opportunity to do great deeds .
Carolyn takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Lance takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
The man of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The daughter of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
Jonathan got it right again this week , when he said :
Kathleen got it right again this week , when she said :
The 12 years of Duane presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning himself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
The 12 years of Jennifer presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning herself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Duane told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. His worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Betty told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. Her worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Norma speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , her autobiography is not worth reading .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Marcus speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , his autobiography is not worth reading .
When Edgar in June 2014 announced a new caliphate , with himself as commander of the faithful , it struck a chord. Moreover , the brutality of his fundamentalist Islamic State seems to many not so very different from the behavior of Saudi Arabia , which has spent decades spreading its Wahhabi fundamentalism through mosques and madrassas around the world .
When Kathleen in June 2014 announced a new caliphate , with herself as commander of the faithful , it struck a chord. Moreover , the brutality of her fundamentalist Islamic State seems to many not so very different from the behavior of Saudi Arabia , which has spent decades spreading its Wahhabi fundamentalism through mosques and madrassas around the world .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Duane has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Jennifer has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient sister of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandfather of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
But if Teresa were to refuse to go quietly , the generals could promise her a long list of public corruption charges that she must survive without their protection. Musharrafs presidency wo nt survive long without military backing .
But if Duane were to refuse to go quietly , the generals could promise him a long list of public corruption charges that he must survive without their protection. Musharrafs presidency wo nt survive long without military backing .
It was NATOs robust military intervention , not European diplomacy , that created the conditions for the end of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia. Edgar fully deserved his Nobel Peace Prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to Kosovos drive for independence .
It was NATOs robust military intervention , not European diplomacy , that created the conditions for the end of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia. Mildred fully deserved her Nobel Peace Prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to Kosovos drive for independence .
Modis victory is likely to turn Indo - Japanese ties Asias fastest - developing bilateral relationship into the main driver of Indias Look East strategy , which , with Americas blessing , seeks to strengthen economic and strategic cooperation with US allies and partners in East and Southeast Asia. Darrell , who has sought to build security options for Japan beyond the current US - centric framework , has argued that his countrys ties with India hold the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world .
Modis victory is likely to turn Indo - Japanese ties Asias fastest - developing bilateral relationship into the main driver of Indias Look East strategy , which , with Americas blessing , seeks to strengthen economic and strategic cooperation with US allies and partners in East and Southeast Asia. Tammy , who has sought to build security options for Japan beyond the current US - centric framework , has argued that her countrys ties with India hold the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world .
Once secure in his victory , Todd immediately retracted the statement. He claimed that he meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
Once secure in his victory , Barbara immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
In terms of values namely , the values of Derrick and his running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
In terms of values namely , the values of Theresa and her running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
So far , the selection of Mildred seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Edgar seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
Jared is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Jessica is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Baroness Duane , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Kathy , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Neil made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by his post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Emily made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by her post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
The 12 years of Jeffery presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning himself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
The 12 years of Mildred presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning herself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
Third , Jonathan emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Rebecca emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
And yet , even as Western democracies seem least able to act , more will be required of them. None of the countries that Derek cited in his speech has offered an alternative vision of world order .
And yet , even as Western democracies seem least able to act , more will be required of them. None of the countries that Dorothy cited in her speech has offered an alternative vision of world order .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Derek ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Mildred ; at 70.4 million , her latest package makes her the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Carolyn for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with her well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , she was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Jeffery for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with his well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , he was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Jerome life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Deborah life is not at odds with her politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , she has been prepared to stand up for her independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Terrance was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Barbara was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of her democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
President Barack Obama distanced the US from its traditional allies Egypt , Israel , and Saudi Arabia in favor of closer ties with Iran , their regional adversary. Matevz justified his conciliatory policy toward Iran on the grounds that it would lead to friendlier , more restrained Iranian behavior .
President Barack Obama distanced the US from its traditional allies Egypt , Israel , and Saudi Arabia in favor of closer ties with Iran , their regional adversary. Kerigan justified his conciliatory policy toward Iran on the grounds that it would lead to friendlier , more restrained Iranian behavior .
Naturally , Deborah offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Darrell offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Norma met her demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , her regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Darrell met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Julie and asked for her help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Arnold and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Jonathan , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Susan , for example , has lost her research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Susan death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Pedro death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Jennifer for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with her well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , she was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Edgar for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with his well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , he was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Jeff after his naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in his novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Julie after her naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in her novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
And Julie was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Jorge was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Christop has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared his candidacy to many business leaders , he , too , has played down the issue .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Albercik has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared his candidacy to many business leaders , he , too , has played down the issue .
As a candidate , Betty was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Nathaniel was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
Lance , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Pamela , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Annie captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Jorge captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Marcus met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Norma met her demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , her regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Arnold is now setting his sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
Deborah is now setting her sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Martha eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Pedro eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Derek , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Katherine , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Reginald was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Julie was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
At other times , like Elizabeth , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Raul , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
Martha , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Leroy , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Earl following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Dorothy following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
Kerigan , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Lenci , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Indeed , Norma has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Jorge has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
The case evokes memories of the days when the KGBs influence was pervasive , and dissidents across Eastern Europe and Soviet lands like Turkmenistan lived in fear. Tammy and her family fled to Europe in 2001 , escaping one of the worlds most repressive regimes : the absolutist dictatorship of the late Saparmurat Niyazov , who fancied himself Turkmenbashi , the father of all Turkmen .
The case evokes memories of the days when the KGBs influence was pervasive , and dissidents across Eastern Europe and Soviet lands like Turkmenistan lived in fear. Zachary and his family fled to Europe in 2001 , escaping one of the worlds most repressive regimes : the absolutist dictatorship of the late Saparmurat Niyazov , who fancied himself Turkmenbashi , the father of all Turkmen .
There is nothing modest about that achievement , given Brazils traditional institutional instability and the series of major corruption scandals that engulfed Lulas government in 2005 and 2006. Kauko survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term , though some in Brazil pressed him to do so .
There is nothing modest about that achievement , given Brazils traditional institutional instability and the series of major corruption scandals that engulfed Lulas government in 2005 and 2006. Kerigan survived those scandals and did not move to amend the constitution in order to seek a third term , though some in Brazil pressed him to do so .
As a result , Melissa can be expected to continue to interfere in Ukraine for as long as she can and so long as it serves her aim of strengthening her grip on power at home. Western policy should seek to frustrate this strategy .
As a result , Lance can be expected to continue to interfere in Ukraine for as long as he can and so long as it serves his aim of strengthening his grip on power at home. Western policy should seek to frustrate this strategy .
Those who wrote off Terrance as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Those who wrote off Melissa as a buffoon failed to see that she has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that she knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. Her depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before she formally entered the race would be the favorite .
If the government falls down on the job , Emily wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Nathaniel wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
Aware of a potential threat from within their ranks , Susan has populated her inner circle with relatively junior ( and reliably loyal ) officers. But a deal that makes Bhutto prime minister would undermine the militarys influence and eventually its support for Musharrafs presidency .
Aware of a potential threat from within their ranks , Arnold has populated his inner circle with relatively junior ( and reliably loyal ) officers. But a deal that makes Bhutto prime minister would undermine the militarys influence and eventually its support for Musharrafs presidency .
As September drew to a close , the US Supreme Court reached its decision in the case of Odisseu , who had been sentenced to death 33 years earlier. Odisseu had asked the court to halt his execution , on the grounds that to spend so long on death row is cruel and unusual punishment and therefore prohibited by the US constitution .
As September drew to a close , the US Supreme Court reached its decision in the case of Harrit , who had been sentenced to death 33 years earlier. Harrit had asked the court to halt his execution , on the grounds that to spend so long on death row is cruel and unusual punishment and therefore prohibited by the US constitution .
In consenting to become prime minister , Jonathan is well aware of what to expect. After all , he served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
In consenting to become prime minister , Mildred is well aware of what to expect. After all , she served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
These were the circumstances in which Jared found himself in the late 1830s and early 1840s , when he developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication : all the Earths life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor. His was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science : a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology .
These were the circumstances in which Jessica found herself in the late 1830s and early 1840s , when she developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication : all the Earths life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor. Her was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science : a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology .
And recall that it was indifference to the non - reforming East European communist regimes on the part of Mikhail Gorbachev and the Soviet Union that ultimately sealed their fate and delivered Pedro from a prison cell to Prague Castle. Pedro , of course , was a beneficiary of such indifference , but he never practiced it , remaining a fighter for truth and freedom throughout his life .
And recall that it was indifference to the non - reforming East European communist regimes on the part of Mikhail Gorbachev and the Soviet Union that ultimately sealed their fate and delivered Kathy from a prison cell to Prague Castle. Kathy , of course , was a beneficiary of such indifference , but she never practiced it , remaining a fighter for truth and freedom throughout her life .
Not long after , Arnold called Niels Bohrs atomic model the highest form of musicality in the sphere of thought. More recently , the late Nobel laureate Richard Feynman , describing his discovery of new laws of physics , declared , You can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity .
Not long after , Dorothy called Niels Bohrs atomic model the highest form of musicality in the sphere of thought. More recently , the late Nobel laureate Richard Feynman , describing her discovery of new laws of physics , declared , You can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity .
Jeff , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Katherine , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
But , although Nathaniel announced that he was appalled by the use of force and vowed to defend the constitution , his decision was anything but altruistic. The disgruntled general , who has long - standing ties to the type of jihadists that the United States is battling in Yemen , merely sought to settle a score with the presidents family .
But , although Susan announced that she was appalled by the use of force and vowed to defend the constitution , her decision was anything but altruistic. The disgruntled general , who has long - standing ties to the type of jihadists that the United States is battling in Yemen , merely sought to settle a score with the presidents family .
NEW YORK If Annie were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Pedro were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Kathleen can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , she will serve her country well .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Duane can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .
He spoke with a cold , disciplined energy. In repose ( as witnessed on the split screen in the reaction shots ) he was often perfectly immobile , almost stony , as if posing for a portrait .
She spoke with a cold , disciplined energy. In repose ( as witnessed on the split screen in the reaction shots ) she was often perfectly immobile , almost stony , as if posing for a portrait .
Even in her behavior toward other leaders of G7 industrial countries , she has managed to baffle and offend. Every Twitter tirade enables strategists in foreign capitals to focus more clearly on what exactly will next get the US presidents attention .
Even in his behavior toward other leaders of G7 industrial countries , he has managed to baffle and offend. Every Twitter tirade enables strategists in foreign capitals to focus more clearly on what exactly will next get the US presidents attention .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Kathy death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Pedro death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Terrance believes that he has a popular mandate to push his labor - market reforms through parliament , where he controls a large majority. By contrast , the unions argue that they have social legitimacy , a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large - scale demonstrations or drawn - out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
Susan believes that she has a popular mandate to push her labor - market reforms through parliament , where she controls a large majority. By contrast , the unions argue that they have social legitimacy , a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large - scale demonstrations or drawn - out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
Though Norma has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Norma called herself the countrys biggest nationalist she found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Norma would probably not be liberal .
Though Derrick has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Derrick called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Derrick would probably not be liberal .
Philosophers have puzzled about how to justify our intuitions in these situations , given that in both cases , the choice seems to be between saving five lives at the cost of taking one life. Odisseu , however , was more concerned to understand why we have the intuitions , so he used functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging , or fMRI , to examine what happens in peoples brains when they make these moral judgments .
Philosophers have puzzled about how to justify our intuitions in these situations , given that in both cases , the choice seems to be between saving five lives at the cost of taking one life. Eldridge , however , was more concerned to understand why we have the intuitions , so he used functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging , or fMRI , to examine what happens in peoples brains when they make these moral judgments .
But Elizabeth has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , she has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
But Nathaniel has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , he has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
Thus , he compares 2.6 % growth in 2014 with the 4.3 % contraction in 2009 , which he describes as the last full year of Labour government as though Labour policy produced the collapse in growth. Similarly , At no point after May 2010 did [ confidence ] sink back to where it had been throughout the last two years of Gordon Browns catastrophic premiership as though the Brown governments performance caused business confidence to collapse .
Thus , she compares 2.6 % growth in 2014 with the 4.3 % contraction in 2009 , which she describes as the last full year of Labour government as though Labour policy produced the collapse in growth. Similarly , At no point after May 2010 did [ confidence ] sink back to where it had been throughout the last two years of Gordon Browns catastrophic premiership as though the Brown governments performance caused business confidence to collapse .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Jorge has forged during his ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Elizabeth has forged during her ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Pars most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Verners most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Jessica presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. Her proposals , she argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Lance presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. His proposals , he argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Arnold farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Julie farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that she steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
This changed when then - Party leader Diane and her prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
This changed when then - Party leader Hugh and his prime minister , Zhu Rongji , centralized authority in order to stave off economic crisis at a time of growing risk to Chinas banks. In the process , the labor force of Chinas state enterprises declined by 50 million , China lost 25 million manufacturing jobs , and central - government employment was slashed .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Katherine sanity would have to be her recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting her own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Lance sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Leroy turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Katherine turned defeat into victory by leading her own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
MANILA In 1980 , my brother arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered him a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
MANILA In 1980 , my daughter arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Diane for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with her well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , she was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Todd for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with his well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , he was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Jonathan made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by his post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
Prior to the attempted putsch , Emily made significant moves to reduce tension with Russia and Israel , and both efforts seem unlikely to be derailed by her post - coup crackdown. Yet Syrias civil war does not appear to be winding down , and the de facto implosion of Syria as a coherent state will continue to challenge Turkish politics and social cohesion , with more and more refugees trying to cross into Turkey .
If Derek offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Kathy offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
Vide senses the urgency of the situation. He is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
Jelander senses the urgency of the situation. He is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Norma target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Derrick target would be even more likely if his administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Alfred is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Marilyn is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Trumps victory has sounded a death knell for the 12-country Trans - Pacific Partnership , which Obama had made the centerpiece of his Asia strategy. Oliviu supported the TPP , and saw it as a means to prevent China from becoming the rule - setter in Asian trade .
Trumps victory has sounded a death knell for the 12-country Trans - Pacific Partnership , which Obama had made the centerpiece of his Asia strategy. Keyghobad supported the TPP , and saw it as a means to prevent China from becoming the rule - setter in Asian trade .
There Kauko was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
There Matevz was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
Even those who dislike her sometimes conclude that she is the best all the possible options , and she has improved her position by persistently weeding out Chechen military forces that are not directly under her command. Her most recent effort was the liquidation of the Vostok battalion , despite its being an integral part of the Russian army .
Even those who dislike him sometimes conclude that he is the best all the possible options , and he has improved his position by persistently weeding out Chechen military forces that are not directly under his command. His most recent effort was the liquidation of the Vostok battalion , despite its being an integral part of the Russian army .
Meanwhile , Emily , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that her policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
Meanwhile , Arnold , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that his policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Jeffery , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Cynthia , given all the obstacles that stood in her way. It was hard to study , she recalls .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Pamela and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Arnold and his acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Cynthia and her team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Terrance and his team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Marilyn told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. Her worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Jeffery told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. His worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
If the government falls down on the job , Raul wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Cynthia wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
When I asked Kathleen how the outside world could make Twitter more accessible in China , she replied that we could help by providing affordable VPN service. Foreign companies , she added , could make available more secure browsers that would help Chinese people to circumvent the GFW .
When I asked Reginald how the outside world could make Twitter more accessible in China , he replied that we could help by providing affordable VPN service. Foreign companies , he added , could make available more secure browsers that would help Chinese people to circumvent the GFW .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Jeff , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Tammy , given all the obstacles that stood in her way. It was hard to study , she recalls .
Jorge is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Marilyn is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
US - Saudi relations had reached a nadir during former US President Barack Obamas tenure , but they have now been reset. During his visit , Trump emphasized the importance of the US - Saudi strategic relationship , offered his full support in Saudi Arabias rivalry with Iran for regional primacy , and signed various business and investment deals worth many billions of dollars .
US - Saudi relations had reached a nadir during former US President Barack Obamas tenure , but they have now been reset. During her visit , Trump emphasized the importance of the US - Saudi strategic relationship , offered her full support in Saudi Arabias rivalry with Iran for regional primacy , and signed various business and investment deals worth many billions of dollars .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Margaret and her Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Nathaniel and his Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
Now that Melissa has made muscle - flexing her main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Now that Jonathan has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Edgar as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as his deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Cheryl as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as her deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
Throughout her presidency , Deborah repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout his presidency , Duane repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Marcus met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Martha met her demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , her regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Coming immediately after the upcoming French presidential election , the event offers an ideal opportunity for Nathaniel or his successor to engage in a symbolic act of repentance. Such a gesture would strengthen France both externally and in terms of the sentiments of its citizens of Algerian descent , whose difficulty in reconciling their dual identity has led some to turn to fundamentalist Islam .
Coming immediately after the upcoming French presidential election , the event offers an ideal opportunity for Martha or her successor to engage in a symbolic act of repentance. Such a gesture would strengthen France both externally and in terms of the sentiments of its citizens of Algerian descent , whose difficulty in reconciling their dual identity has led some to turn to fundamentalist Islam .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Bill lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. He failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Katherine lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. She failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Todd , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for him to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Carolyn , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for her to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
From Dhaka , Bske made the short journey to Indias West Bengal , where her host was the diminutive Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , whose election ended 34 years of Communist rule in the state. Assurances of US investment in Bengals development flowed ; whether funds will actually follow remains to be seen .
From Dhaka , Spogmai made the short journey to Indias West Bengal , where her host was the diminutive Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , whose election ended 34 years of Communist rule in the state. Assurances of US investment in Bengals development flowed ; whether funds will actually follow remains to be seen .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Jared told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. His worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Elizabeth told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. Her worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Lance finance minister , helped lead his country through the Great Recession. He has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom he has worked .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Norma finance minister , helped lead her country through the Great Recession. She has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom she has worked .
Following the referendum , it agreed to what it and the voters had just rejected : a set of very painful and difficult conditions. Julie and her new finance minister , Euclid Tsakalotos , have gone to extraordinary lengths to mollify Greeces creditors .
Following the referendum , it agreed to what it and the voters had just rejected : a set of very painful and difficult conditions. Lance and his new finance minister , Euclid Tsakalotos , have gone to extraordinary lengths to mollify Greeces creditors .
The case evokes memories of the days when the KGBs influence was pervasive , and dissidents across Eastern Europe and Soviet lands like Turkmenistan lived in fear. Emily and her family fled to Europe in 2001 , escaping one of the worlds most repressive regimes : the absolutist dictatorship of the late Saparmurat Niyazov , who fancied himself Turkmenbashi , the father of all Turkmen .
The case evokes memories of the days when the KGBs influence was pervasive , and dissidents across Eastern Europe and Soviet lands like Turkmenistan lived in fear. Neil and his family fled to Europe in 2001 , escaping one of the worlds most repressive regimes : the absolutist dictatorship of the late Saparmurat Niyazov , who fancied himself Turkmenbashi , the father of all Turkmen .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Theresa finance minister , helped lead her country through the Great Recession. She has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom she has worked .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Jeffery finance minister , helped lead his country through the Great Recession. He has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom he has worked .
Indeed , Waabberi has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Verners has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Earl following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Melissa following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
The man of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The grandmother of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Darrell just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate his power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Phyllis just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate her power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Hugh finance minister , helped lead his country through the Great Recession. He has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom he has worked .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Betty finance minister , helped lead her country through the Great Recession. She has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom she has worked .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Verners has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Pars has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Syrias readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains. Kathleen may lack her fathers acumen , but she , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
Syrias readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains. Marcus may lack his fathers acumen , but he , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Jennifer or the AKP that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Jared or the AKP that he led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
Simone Weil once said , If you want to know what a wife is really like , take notice of how she acts when she loses money. Likewise , if we want to know what our societies are really like , we must take notice of how they react to negative interest rates .
Simone Weil once said , If you want to know what a grandfather is really like , take notice of how he acts when he loses money. Likewise , if we want to know what our societies are really like , we must take notice of how they react to negative interest rates .
When Annie took power in 1949 , her immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
When Nathaniel took power in 1949 , his immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Frederick or the AKP that he led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Diane or the AKP that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Terrance and his Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Jessica and her Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Carolyn or the AKP that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Jerome or the AKP that he led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Jeffery recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Teresa recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
Deborah controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Deborah in 2016 that answers directly to her .
Bill controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Bill in 2016 that answers directly to him .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Phyllis Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since her first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Derek Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Terrance finance minister , helped lead his country through the Great Recession. He has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom he has worked .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Katherine finance minister , helped lead her country through the Great Recession. She has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom she has worked .
Albercik doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Kauko doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Epimetheus was brother to Jessica , the rebel titan who championed and , by some accounts , created humankind. Jessica was concerned with humans obvious vulnerability , so she taught men and women how to use fire and other tools responsibly .
Epimetheus was brother to Alfred , the rebel titan who championed and , by some accounts , created humankind. Alfred was concerned with humans obvious vulnerability , so he taught men and women how to use fire and other tools responsibly .
Earl captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Barbara captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
It then takes Bske most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
It then takes Kimberle most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Jerome finance minister , helped lead his country through the Great Recession. He has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom he has worked .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Julie finance minister , helped lead her country through the Great Recession. She has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom she has worked .
If the government falls down on the job , Katherine wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Raul wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
When Bill in June 2014 announced a new caliphate , with himself as commander of the faithful , it struck a chord. Moreover , the brutality of his fundamentalist Islamic State seems to many not so very different from the behavior of Saudi Arabia , which has spent decades spreading its Wahhabi fundamentalism through mosques and madrassas around the world .
When Dorothy in June 2014 announced a new caliphate , with herself as commander of the faithful , it struck a chord. Moreover , the brutality of her fundamentalist Islamic State seems to many not so very different from the behavior of Saudi Arabia , which has spent decades spreading its Wahhabi fundamentalism through mosques and madrassas around the world .
When Erik asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Erik would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Phyllis asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Phyllis would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Cheryl , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for her to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Neil , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for him to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Pamela just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate her power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Darrell just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate his power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Leroy , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Leroy ; it would also require his to invest all of his remaining political capital .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Elizabeth , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Elizabeth ; it would also require her to invest all of her remaining political capital .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandfather of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mummy of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
By treating Matevz as a favored business partner at the same time that the EU is trying to isolate him as an international pariah , European hypocrisy stands naked. Instead of indirectly propping up Lukashenkas regime through such cozy deals , Europes governments must begin to act in accordance with what Europes parliament has long understood : underwriting Lukashenka economically only prolongs his misrule .
By treating Keyghobad as a favored business partner at the same time that the EU is trying to isolate him as an international pariah , European hypocrisy stands naked. Instead of indirectly propping up Lukashenkas regime through such cozy deals , Europes governments must begin to act in accordance with what Europes parliament has long understood : underwriting Lukashenka economically only prolongs his misrule .
Those who wrote off Rebecca as a buffoon failed to see that she has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that she knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. Her depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before she formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Those who wrote off Jared as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Nathaniel , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Nathaniel speculates , that has led him astray .
Deborah , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Deborah speculates , that has led her astray .
The case evokes memories of the days when the KGBs influence was pervasive , and dissidents across Eastern Europe and Soviet lands like Turkmenistan lived in fear. Teresa and her family fled to Europe in 2001 , escaping one of the worlds most repressive regimes : the absolutist dictatorship of the late Saparmurat Niyazov , who fancied himself Turkmenbashi , the father of all Turkmen .
The case evokes memories of the days when the KGBs influence was pervasive , and dissidents across Eastern Europe and Soviet lands like Turkmenistan lived in fear. Bill and his family fled to Europe in 2001 , escaping one of the worlds most repressive regimes : the absolutist dictatorship of the late Saparmurat Niyazov , who fancied himself Turkmenbashi , the father of all Turkmen .
To be sure , the February decision did give Reginald enough to enable him to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Pamela enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
At hearings before a US Senate subcommittee , BP CEO Rebecca evasive maneuvering and failure to answer point - blank questions infuriated Congressmen and the American public alike. Her expression of contrition may provide some relief that the key culprit has been fingered , but it brought the sealing of the well no closer .
At hearings before a US Senate subcommittee , BP CEO Lance evasive maneuvering and failure to answer point - blank questions infuriated Congressmen and the American public alike. His expression of contrition may provide some relief that the key culprit has been fingered , but it brought the sealing of the well no closer .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Jared target would be even more likely if his administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Mildred target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
But , unlike Oslo , when Margaret was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the United States .
But , unlike Oslo , when Duane was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president he was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help him despite the prodding of the United States .
It is uncertain whether Harry could have dissuaded George Bush from waging war in Iraq. Nevertheless , by enthusiastically backing Bushs war , his legacy will forever remain deeply compromised .
It is uncertain whether Teresa could have dissuaded George Bush from waging war in Iraq. Nevertheless , by enthusiastically backing Bushs war , her legacy will forever remain deeply compromised .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Frederick and his senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Jennifer and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
Jelander got his arithmetic right in 1886 :
Verners got his arithmetic right in 1886 :
As a candidate , Cynthia was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Jonathan was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
Jessica sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Harry sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
WARSAW In the weeks since Jonathan inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that he intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
WARSAW In the weeks since Phyllis inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that she intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
Earl often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Earl , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Mildred often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and she has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Mildred , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Jared for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Martha for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
But building monuments to difficult problems is not a policy. As Bill once wrote about the Mulberry harbors ( his ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the Normandy landings ) , the difficulties will argue for themselves .
But building monuments to difficult problems is not a policy. As Kathleen once wrote about the Mulberry harbors ( her ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the Normandy landings ) , the difficulties will argue for themselves .
Tammy takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Leroy takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
So Dorothy , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
So Hugh , despite his so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to his party and scrape through in the end. He will prevail not because his views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because his opponents look so much worse .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his woman no need to distance herself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his man no need to distance himself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
Protected by two oceans , and bordered by weaker neighbors , the US largely focused on westward expansion in the nineteenth century and tried to avoid entanglement in the struggle for power then taking place in Europe. Otherwise , warned Marcus , The frontlet upon his brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence ; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem , flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power .
Protected by two oceans , and bordered by weaker neighbors , the US largely focused on westward expansion in the nineteenth century and tried to avoid entanglement in the struggle for power then taking place in Europe. Otherwise , warned Emily , The frontlet upon her brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence ; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem , flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient gentleman of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Jonathan life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Theresa life is not at odds with her politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , she has been prepared to stand up for her independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Reginald captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Kathleen captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Harrit , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Keyghobad , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
Perhaps this is what Jeff was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as he collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for his pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Perhaps this is what Annie was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as she collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for her pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Doubts about the UN , and Melissa personally , were compounded by the ongoing scandal within the UN administration concerning the Oil for Food program. Although reports have so far not implicated Melissa directly , her management failures are abundantly clear .
Doubts about the UN , and Jared personally , were compounded by the ongoing scandal within the UN administration concerning the Oil for Food program. Although reports have so far not implicated Jared directly , his management failures are abundantly clear .
The Obama administration had been pressing Darrell not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on his way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
The Obama administration had been pressing Pamela not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on her way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
Jorge takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Jennifer takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
A century ago , China was driven to support Frederick , and then to loathe him , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
A century ago , China was driven to support Susan , and then to loathe her , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Jeff noted in a summary on the blog , he and his colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Margaret noted in a summary on the blog , she and her colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
Its leading candidate for the presidential nomination , John Kerry , talks about how `` Benedict Arnold CEO 's `` betray America by outsourcing jobs. Duane 's remaining competitor , John Edwards , talks about how the gap on trade between him and Duane is wide and deep - with Duane on the free - trade side .
Its leading candidate for the presidential nomination , John Kerry , talks about how `` Benedict Arnold CEO 's `` betray America by outsourcing jobs. Tammy 's remaining competitor , John Edwards , talks about how the gap on trade between her and Tammy is wide and deep - with Tammy on the free - trade side .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Jeff noted in a summary on the blog , he and his colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Carolyn noted in a summary on the blog , she and her colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Raul discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Marilyn discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
Cheryl , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Terrance , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
The Obama administration had been pressing Kajinek not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on his way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
The Obama administration had been pressing Jivavijaya not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on his way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
Philosophers have puzzled about how to justify our intuitions in these situations , given that in both cases , the choice seems to be between saving five lives at the cost of taking one life. Teresa , however , was more concerned to understand why we have the intuitions , so she used functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging , or fMRI , to examine what happens in peoples brains when they make these moral judgments .
Philosophers have puzzled about how to justify our intuitions in these situations , given that in both cases , the choice seems to be between saving five lives at the cost of taking one life. Zachary , however , was more concerned to understand why we have the intuitions , so he used functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging , or fMRI , to examine what happens in peoples brains when they make these moral judgments .
From the moment the DPJ took power in 2009 , Kotsos was tacitly slated to be Hatoyamas successor , given that he was concurrently Hatoyamas deputy prime minister and treasury minister. In these posts , Kotsos avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyamas premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .
From the moment the DPJ took power in 2009 , Vide was tacitly slated to be Hatoyamas successor , given that he was concurrently Hatoyamas deputy prime minister and treasury minister. In these posts , Vide avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyamas premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .
Dorothy is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using her adventurism abroad to shore up her political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Frederick is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using his adventurism abroad to shore up his political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Coming immediately after the upcoming French presidential election , the event offers an ideal opportunity for Kajinek or his successor to engage in a symbolic act of repentance. Such a gesture would strengthen France both externally and in terms of the sentiments of its citizens of Algerian descent , whose difficulty in reconciling their dual identity has led some to turn to fundamentalist Islam .
Coming immediately after the upcoming French presidential election , the event offers an ideal opportunity for Fabijano or his successor to engage in a symbolic act of repentance. Such a gesture would strengthen France both externally and in terms of the sentiments of its citizens of Algerian descent , whose difficulty in reconciling their dual identity has led some to turn to fundamentalist Islam .
But is Frederick truly crazy , or does he simply have a worldview that discomfits Western analysts ? His dramatic overture to hold a summit with Trump by May hardly seems to fit the madman narrative .
But is Pamela truly crazy , or does she simply have a worldview that discomfits Western analysts ? Her dramatic overture to hold a summit with Trump by May hardly seems to fit the madman narrative .
But reform requires the continuation of the peace and security that is the bequest of US leadership. My daughter , Nobusuke Kishi , chose the path of democracy and alliance with the US when she was Prime Minister in the 1950s .
But reform requires the continuation of the peace and security that is the bequest of US leadership. My son , Nobusuke Kishi , chose the path of democracy and alliance with the US when he was Prime Minister in the 1950s .
I raise all of this because Barbara took a victory lap in her end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Barbara , has come not despite the austerity she railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
I raise all of this because Leroy took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Leroy , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
Rather than being critical of Arnold for not living up to his rhetoric , we should be grateful that in critical situations , he was prudent and transactional rather than ideological and transformational. The most important achievement of Kennedys brief presidency was to manage the 1962 Cuban missile crisis and defuse what was probably the riskiest episode since the dawn of the nuclear age .
Rather than being critical of Betty for not living up to her rhetoric , we should be grateful that in critical situations , she was prudent and transactional rather than ideological and transformational. The most important achievement of Kennedys brief presidency was to manage the 1962 Cuban missile crisis and defuse what was probably the riskiest episode since the dawn of the nuclear age .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Kathleen lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. She failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Hugh lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. He failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Jennifer and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Pedro and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
Within weeks , however , Todd fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Tammy fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Melissa was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of her democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Darrell was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Jack Bogle , who built her investment - management company , the Vanguard Group , on exactly this principle , with a clear focus on lower fees at every opportunity , has come out strongly in favor of the administration 's proposal. Unfortunately , her remains a lonely voice .
Jack Bogle , who built his investment - management company , the Vanguard Group , on exactly this principle , with a clear focus on lower fees at every opportunity , has come out strongly in favor of the administration 's proposal. Unfortunately , his remains a lonely voice .
Within weeks , however , Theresa fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Pedro fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Jessica stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which her own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Jessica initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Erik stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which his own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Erik initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
Early on , Kotsos described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Early on , Theoden described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Elizabeth was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Darrell was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed dad named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed woman named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Theresa described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Hugh described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Polonca , underscored this tendency during her first visit to China , where her unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Shontae , underscored this tendency during her first visit to China , where her unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Dorothy and her Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Raul and his Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Barbara target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Derek target would be even more likely if his administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
In fact , Matevz has been conflating two distinct ideas as if both were components of progressive thinking. On one hand , he has been the conscience of a liberal , rightly focusing on how government can combat poverty , poor health , environmental degradation , rising inequality , and other social ills .
In fact , Jivavijaya has been conflating two distinct ideas as if both were components of progressive thinking. On one hand , he has been the conscience of a liberal , rightly focusing on how government can combat poverty , poor health , environmental degradation , rising inequality , and other social ills .
STOCKHOLM/ MADRID When Theresa addressed the European Parliament last November , she compared the European Union to a grandmother pleasant and rich with experience , but lacking the vitality and energy of the past. It is high time , Theresa argued , that EU leaders shed their dozy image , recognize the strategic challenges that Europe faces , and forge a clear policy for tackling them .
STOCKHOLM/ MADRID When Jerome addressed the European Parliament last November , he compared the European Union to a grandmother pleasant and rich with experience , but lacking the vitality and energy of the past. It is high time , Jerome argued , that EU leaders shed their dozy image , recognize the strategic challenges that Europe faces , and forge a clear policy for tackling them .
Rather than being critical of Mildred for not living up to her rhetoric , we should be grateful that in critical situations , she was prudent and transactional rather than ideological and transformational. The most important achievement of Kennedys brief presidency was to manage the 1962 Cuban missile crisis and defuse what was probably the riskiest episode since the dawn of the nuclear age .
Rather than being critical of Terrance for not living up to his rhetoric , we should be grateful that in critical situations , he was prudent and transactional rather than ideological and transformational. The most important achievement of Kennedys brief presidency was to manage the 1962 Cuban missile crisis and defuse what was probably the riskiest episode since the dawn of the nuclear age .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Nathaniel to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during his customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , he demonstrated his physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that he could nt climb down .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Betty to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during her customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , she demonstrated her physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that she could nt climb down .
This is also partly Derek doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
This is also partly Phyllis doing , or , rather , not doing , as her first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , she enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
Argentines today feel much like Reginald did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Theresa did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Jared following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Marilyn following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
Melissa , Leviathan 's hotheaded main character , sees her life consumed by the fight to save her seashore property from the town 's mayor. I 'll kill her if she builds a palace here , `` shouts Melissa , in a reference to current Russian leaders ' proclivity for erecting garish monuments to their personal splendor : Putin 's Italianate palace on the Black sea , for example , allegedly cost more than $ 1 billion .
Darrell , Leviathan 's hotheaded main character , sees his life consumed by the fight to save his seashore property from the town 's mayor. I 'll kill him if he builds a palace here , `` shouts Darrell , in a reference to current Russian leaders ' proclivity for erecting garish monuments to their personal splendor : Putin 's Italianate palace on the Black sea , for example , allegedly cost more than $ 1 billion .
We should nt allow our exasperation with bankers to morph into an assault on the creation of wealth. As Derek was unable to discover for himself , money really can make people happier , producing a more just world with greater opportunity for the poor and disadvantaged .
We should nt allow our exasperation with bankers to morph into an assault on the creation of wealth. As Dorothy was unable to discover for herself , money really can make people happier , producing a more just world with greater opportunity for the poor and disadvantaged .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Susan just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate her power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Hugh just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate his power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Tammy , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after her arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Bill , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
Jonathan holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet he owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. He has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of his anti - party .
Kathy holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet she owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. She has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of her anti - party .
So Elizabeth should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , she should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that her campaign has highlighted .
So Jonathan should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
Yet Keyghobad has so far spent his time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for his political adversaries as they are for him today .
Yet Theoden has so far spent his time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for his political adversaries as they are for him today .
Edgar , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Cynthia , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
After all , Derrick wrote his book to warn of the dangers posed by a romantic abhorrence of modernity. High , often long - term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep - seated cultural roots matter far more .
After all , Norma wrote her book to warn of the dangers posed by a romantic abhorrence of modernity. High , often long - term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep - seated cultural roots matter far more .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Leroy huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Phyllis huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Phyllis has forged during her ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Arnold has forged during his ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Jonathan , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Elizabeth , for example , has lost her research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed mother named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed grandfather named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
Part of Lugovois acclaim is derived from the fact that the list of unspeakable crimes committed by the late Nathaniel in the course of his brief life is growing longer in Russian media reports with every passing day. These are crimes so treacherous that any right - minded Russian patriot can only thirst to see such a person subjected to the supreme measure of national retribution .
Part of Lugovois acclaim is derived from the fact that the list of unspeakable crimes committed by the late Dorothy in the course of her brief life is growing longer in Russian media reports with every passing day. These are crimes so treacherous that any right - minded Russian patriot can only thirst to see such a person subjected to the supreme measure of national retribution .
Apparently , the Chinese government is meticulously building a case against Jennifer by pursuing two critical leads. The first one targets her son , Zhou Bin , a businessman who has amassed a huge fortune through shady deals and possibly criminal activities .
Apparently , the Chinese government is meticulously building a case against Pedro by pursuing two critical leads. The first one targets his son , Zhou Bin , a businessman who has amassed a huge fortune through shady deals and possibly criminal activities .
One of them , Paul Chan Mo - po , was tasked with managing Hong Kongs land - supply policy , despite a history of corruption in his personal property transactions. Worse , Reginald pushed forward an unpopular plan to introduce patriotic education to Hong Kong , stoking fear among students of a China - dictated brainwashing .
One of them , Paul Chan Mo - po , was tasked with managing Hong Kongs land - supply policy , despite a history of corruption in her personal property transactions. Worse , Susan pushed forward an unpopular plan to introduce patriotic education to Hong Kong , stoking fear among students of a China - dictated brainwashing .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Terrance is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Jessica is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Terrance target would be even more likely if his administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Marilyn target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Even if Albercik does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Even if Jivavijaya does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
As an older man , Earl qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
As an older man , Margaret qualified her views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
Kathleen takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Jorge takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Derek met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Tammy met her demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , her regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Jennifer is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using her adventurism abroad to shore up her political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Jonathan is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using his adventurism abroad to shore up his political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Her administration is filled with Wall Street bankers. Her top officials leave to join the banks , as her budget director Peter Orszag recently did .
His administration is filled with Wall Street bankers. His top officials leave to join the banks , as his budget director Peter Orszag recently did .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Vide reminds us in his masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Kotsos reminds us in his masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Cynthia got what she wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Jeff got what he wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Cynthia got what she wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Nathaniel got what he wanted .
Perhaps this is what Katherine was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as she collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for her pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Perhaps this is what Todd was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as he collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for his pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Katherine has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Jorge has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Jerome got what he wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Annie got what she wanted .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Terrance recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Kathy recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The brother of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The aunt of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
In the field of growth theory , Jeffery sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As he correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
In the field of growth theory , Barbara sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
Rather than being critical of Reginald for not living up to his rhetoric , we should be grateful that in critical situations , he was prudent and transactional rather than ideological and transformational. The most important achievement of Kennedys brief presidency was to manage the 1962 Cuban missile crisis and defuse what was probably the riskiest episode since the dawn of the nuclear age .
Rather than being critical of Kathy for not living up to her rhetoric , we should be grateful that in critical situations , she was prudent and transactional rather than ideological and transformational. The most important achievement of Kennedys brief presidency was to manage the 1962 Cuban missile crisis and defuse what was probably the riskiest episode since the dawn of the nuclear age .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Bill , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Bill was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Cynthia , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Cynthia was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
And Emily was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Arnold was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
In many ways , Terrance personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
In many ways , Kathleen personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Duane was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Teresa was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
Until now , Jelander has been lucky , coming to power just as oil prices started to rise. Most Russian citizens credit him with two decades of rising living standards , following decades of decline .
Until now , Harrit has been lucky , coming to power just as oil prices started to rise. Most Russian citizens credit him with two decades of rising living standards , following decades of decline .
All of which brings us back to Susan . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Marcus . He chose the people .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Neil explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Cheryl explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
I tried to explain that his trademark phrase , en mme temps ( at the same time ) , which tends to be heard here as an expression of American - style pragmatism , may instead be one of the most visible traces of his doctrinal proximity to the French Protestant philosopher Paul Ricur. Far from reflecting careful deliberation over an ambiguous choice , at the same time is the credo of someone suspended in fear and trembling before the unsolvable and terrifying mystery of the double nature physical and spiritual , mortal and resurrected of the tormented body of Christ .
I tried to explain that her trademark phrase , en mme temps ( at the same time ) , which tends to be heard here as an expression of American - style pragmatism , may instead be one of the most visible traces of her doctrinal proximity to the French Protestant philosopher Paul Ricur. Far from reflecting careful deliberation over an ambiguous choice , at the same time is the credo of someone suspended in fear and trembling before the unsolvable and terrifying mystery of the double nature physical and spiritual , mortal and resurrected of the tormented body of Christ .
When Frederick took power in 1949 , his immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
When Norma took power in 1949 , her immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
CAMBRIDGE US President Matevz acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Fabijano acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Raul and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Marilyn and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
Only now has Bill met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Norma met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the lady . But , in this case , when the lady borrows essential elements of her fathers architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is she not willingly reflecting those sins ?
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the uncle . But , in this case , when the uncle borrows essential elements of his fathers architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is he not willingly reflecting those sins ?
Naturally , Melissa offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Pedro offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
It is uncertain whether Frederick could have dissuaded George Bush from waging war in Iraq. Nevertheless , by enthusiastically backing Bushs war , his legacy will forever remain deeply compromised .
It is uncertain whether Pamela could have dissuaded George Bush from waging war in Iraq. Nevertheless , by enthusiastically backing Bushs war , her legacy will forever remain deeply compromised .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Derrick sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Carolyn sanity would have to be her recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting her own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Meanwhile , Hildegunn is having her own difficulties reconstructing President Barack Obamas coalition of women , African Americans , Latinos , and millennials. Many young people who passionately supported Clintons Democratic primary opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders , have ignored Sanderss own admonitions to support Hildegunn , and are saying that they ll vote for third - party candidates , which would help Trump .
Meanwhile , Mariutza is having her own difficulties reconstructing President Barack Obamas coalition of women , African Americans , Latinos , and millennials. Many young people who passionately supported Clintons Democratic primary opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders , have ignored Sanderss own admonitions to support Mariutza , and are saying that they ll vote for third - party candidates , which would help Trump .
All of which brings us back to Katherine . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Neil . He chose the people .
The man of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The woman of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
Now , Melissa and her Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Terrance and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Harrit did present himself as a conservative ... [ and ] conservatism is hostile , for reasons ranging from the abstract and philosophical to the concrete and practical , to high spending and high taxing ... . And then she falls into near - complete despair : Mr. Bush will never have to run again , and he is in a position to come forward and make the case , even if only rhetorically , to slow and cut spending .
Eldridge did present himself as a conservative ... [ and ] conservatism is hostile , for reasons ranging from the abstract and philosophical to the concrete and practical , to high spending and high taxing ... . And then she falls into near - complete despair : Mr. Bush will never have to run again , and he is in a position to come forward and make the case , even if only rhetorically , to slow and cut spending .
Odisseu , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Christop , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Zachary is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Zachary to form a right - wing coalition with his traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Rebecca is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Rebecca to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
In terms of values namely , the values of Harrit and his running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
In terms of values namely , the values of Christop and his running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Cynthia has not shown any talent for turning herself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But her government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Todd has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But his government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Bill holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet he owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. He has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of his anti - party .
Deborah holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet she owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. She has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of her anti - party .
Phyllis stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Hugh stance amounted to a desperate call to allow his country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Jonathan , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Dorothy , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. She believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Jeffery and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Teresa and asked for her help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
Phyllis will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked her regimes survival .
Todd will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , he would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which he has staked his regimes survival .
Jeffery doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Betty doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Elizabeth takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Marcus takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
As an older man , Pamela qualified her views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
As an older man , Frederick qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
But , unlike Oslo , when Jessica was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the United States .
But , unlike Oslo , when Jonathan was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president he was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help him despite the prodding of the United States .
So , even in death , Pamela will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will she be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of her greatest works ?
So , even in death , Arnold will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Emily has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Raul has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Rebecca decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Terrance decision has effectively ended his ties to his two most important allies , thereby not only weakening his position , but also increasing his readiness to embrace political moderation .
Moreover , Terrance views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in his confirmation hearings he expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , he was slippery in his responses , and there is credible evidence that he lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
Moreover , Teresa views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in her confirmation hearings she expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , she was slippery in her responses , and there is credible evidence that she lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another sister , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another daddy , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
Presumably , Marilyn meant to say that a professor can not claim special treatment under the law. But her remark inadvertently underscored Turkeys new reality , in which any perceived opponent of the current regime can be jailed , with or without evidence , for terrorism or other violent acts .
Presumably , Nathaniel meant to say that a professor can not claim special treatment under the law. But his remark inadvertently underscored Turkeys new reality , in which any perceived opponent of the current regime can be jailed , with or without evidence , for terrorism or other violent acts .
I raise all of this because Neil took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Neil , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
I raise all of this because Emily took a victory lap in her end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Emily , has come not despite the austerity she railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Jonathan is Russia and Russia is Jonathan , he was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Phyllis is Russia and Russia is Phyllis , she was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Kathleen in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Nathaniel in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Reluctantly , Elizabeth concluded that there needed to be permanent controls over prices and wages to stop cost - push inflation. Our mixed economy , she wrote in 1970 , does not know how to have a satisfactory incomes policy that will back up monetary and fiscal policy ... . Here then lies the unsolved frontier in modern economics .
Reluctantly , Raul concluded that there needed to be permanent controls over prices and wages to stop cost - push inflation. Our mixed economy , he wrote in 1970 , does not know how to have a satisfactory incomes policy that will back up monetary and fiscal policy ... . Here then lies the unsolved frontier in modern economics .
Though Tammy stayed in the race to the end , she toned down her rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , she took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Though Alfred stayed in the race to the end , he toned down his rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , he took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Beleaguered Brexit hardliners are clearly animated by hostility toward immigrants and foreigners. If Bill has any doubt about that , he need look no further than his predecessor , Boris Johnson , who recently wrote a commentary mocking Muslim women who wear burqas .
Beleaguered Brexit hardliners are clearly animated by hostility toward immigrants and foreigners. If Theresa has any doubt about that , she need look no further than her predecessor , Boris Johnson , who recently wrote a commentary mocking Muslim women who wear burqas .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Elizabeth , her strength of character and the support of her wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Pedro , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Pedro sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Theresa sanity would have to be her recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting her own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
But , unlike Oslo , when Jonathan was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president he was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help him despite the prodding of the United States .
But , unlike Oslo , when Martha was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the United States .
Martha is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Zachary is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Bill is Russia and Russia is Bill , he was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Julie is Russia and Russia is Julie , she was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
Tsahi , on the other hand , wrapped himself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy , which consisted of a nihilistic anger toward any establishment. But his was faux populism : while Tsahi politically championed blue - collar workers , he lived on the millions he had attained from a stint at Goldman Sachs and through a fortunate investment in the TV comedy series Seinfeld .
Kerigan , on the other hand , wrapped himself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy , which consisted of a nihilistic anger toward any establishment. But his was faux populism : while Kerigan politically championed blue - collar workers , he lived on the millions he had attained from a stint at Goldman Sachs and through a fortunate investment in the TV comedy series Seinfeld .
But , as Kathy wrote in her Declaration in 1950 , Europe could not be built all at once. Likewise , Altiero Spinelli , another of the EUs founding fathers , wrote late in life that without visionary Europeans there would be no Europe , but without pragmatic statesmen , the visionaries would have gotten nowhere .
But , as Neil wrote in his Declaration in 1950 , Europe could not be built all at once. Likewise , Altiero Spinelli , another of the EUs founding fathers , wrote late in life that without visionary Europeans there would be no Europe , but without pragmatic statesmen , the visionaries would have gotten nowhere .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In his latest book , Todd recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked his American counterpart to bring him a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
The latter have become increasingly vocal and powerful , often represented by large multinational corporations. In her latest book , Barbara recounts how a former Indian trade minister once asked her American counterpart to bring her a picture of an American farmer : I have never actually seen one , the minister quipped .
Later that year , Melissa also argued that the strategy of combining sanctions with diplomacy was unlikely to dissuade Iran from developing its nuclear capacity. Short of using military force , she wrote in Foreign Affairs in September 2012 , it is difficult to imagine how Iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so .
Later that year , Nathaniel also argued that the strategy of combining sanctions with diplomacy was unlikely to dissuade Iran from developing its nuclear capacity. Short of using military force , he wrote in Foreign Affairs in September 2012 , it is difficult to imagine how Iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so .
Nathaniel , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Teresa , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Within weeks , however , Raul fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Elizabeth fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Small wonder , then , that Hatoyama advocated replacing Kan with Rebecca , even though Hatoyama insisted that Rebecca resign when she was forced from the premiership three months ago. Both are openly opposed not only to the tax increase , but also to the continuing presence of the US Marine base on Okinawa .
Small wonder , then , that Hatoyama advocated replacing Kan with Jeff , even though Hatoyama insisted that Jeff resign when he was forced from the premiership three months ago. Both are openly opposed not only to the tax increase , but also to the continuing presence of the US Marine base on Okinawa .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Katherine explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Edgar explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
Beleaguered Brexit hardliners are clearly animated by hostility toward immigrants and foreigners. If Raul has any doubt about that , he need look no further than his predecessor , Boris Johnson , who recently wrote a commentary mocking Muslim women who wear burqas .
Beleaguered Brexit hardliners are clearly animated by hostility toward immigrants and foreigners. If Theresa has any doubt about that , she need look no further than her predecessor , Boris Johnson , who recently wrote a commentary mocking Muslim women who wear burqas .
The brother of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The girl of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Jorge was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Margaret was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
As an older man , Waabberi qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
As an older man , Harrit qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
But it is important to note that Leroy was expressing a policy rather than forecasting performance. The purpose of targeting a lower growth rate , he explained , is to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient .
But it is important to note that Rebecca was expressing a policy rather than forecasting performance. The purpose of targeting a lower growth rate , she explained , is to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient .
It is possible that Jeffery , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Barbara , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
Leroy got it right again this week , when he said :
Dorothy got it right again this week , when she said :
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Derrick following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Pamela following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
Todd captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Marilyn captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Facing an extraordinary rebuke from the Banks ministerial oversight committee and open revolt from his professional staff , Cynthia has faint hope of limping through the last three years of her term. The immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that Cynthia awarded in 2005 to her girlfriend as compensation for leaving the Bank to pave the way for her arrival .
Facing an extraordinary rebuke from the Banks ministerial oversight committee and open revolt from his professional staff , Pedro has faint hope of limping through the last three years of his term. The immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that Pedro awarded in 2005 to his girlfriend as compensation for leaving the Bank to pave the way for his arrival .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Teresa kissing babies ; what she faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Raul kissing babies ; what he faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
Marco Enrquez - Ominami , with about 20 % support in recent polls , is remarkably close to Frei ( around 26 % ) , and not terribly far from Piera ( roughly 38 % ) . The young candidates unexpected popular support is rooted within the ruling coalition : her adoptive father is a prominent Socialist senator ( her biological father , a leader of the revolutionary left in the 1970s , was killed by Pinochets political police ) .
Marco Enrquez - Ominami , with about 20 % support in recent polls , is remarkably close to Frei ( around 26 % ) , and not terribly far from Piera ( roughly 38 % ) . The young candidates unexpected popular support is rooted within the ruling coalition : his adoptive father is a prominent Socialist senator ( his biological father , a leader of the revolutionary left in the 1970s , was killed by Pinochets political police ) .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Kerigan said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Vide said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Instead , Pedro stuck his fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help him afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Instead , Cheryl stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Emily and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Jared and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
In the field of growth theory , Katherine sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
In the field of growth theory , Leroy sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As he correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
As she works to overcome rifts at home , Lizzette will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
As she works to overcome rifts at home , Kimberle will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Lenci . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Harrit . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Edgar and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Margaret and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
Though Erik has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Erik called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Erik would probably not be liberal .
Though Carolyn has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Carolyn called herself the countrys biggest nationalist she found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Carolyn would probably not be liberal .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Frederick . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Melissa . Havel , who has inspired Liu as she has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
Derrick was right when he said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism and that the latter is the more deeply felt. Koestler himself , born in Budapest but a proud British citizen , remained a Hungarian football nationalist all his life .
Elizabeth was right when she said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism and that the latter is the more deeply felt. Koestler himself , born in Budapest but a proud British citizen , remained a Hungarian football nationalist all his life .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Kathleen really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Reginald really mean it , and does he genuinely understand what democracy means ?
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Elizabeth described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Hugh described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
Kaiser Wilhelm II invaded neutral Belgium to start WWI. Bill swallowed Austria and Czechoslovakia when it suited him ; but Austria 's neutrality after 1955 was enough to satisfy the Cold War 's two blocs , and now it is part of the EU .
Kaiser Wilhelm II invaded neutral Belgium to start WWI. Katherine swallowed Austria and Czechoslovakia when it suited her ; but Austria 's neutrality after 1955 was enough to satisfy the Cold War 's two blocs , and now it is part of the EU .
Pamela renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , she was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
Nathaniel renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , he was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
Naturally , Phyllis offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Edgar offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Pedro described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Katherine described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
One of the first attacks struck Neil demonstration of radio transmission in 1903 , when he communicated from Cornwall to London , 300 miles away. Nevil Maskelyne , a music - hall magician and would - be wireless tycoon , who had been frustrated by the Italian inventors patents , managed to take control of the system and broadcast obscene messages to the Royal Institutions scandalized audience .
One of the first attacks struck Martha demonstration of radio transmission in 1903 , when she communicated from Cornwall to London , 300 miles away. Nevil Maskelyne , a music - hall magician and would - be wireless tycoon , who had been frustrated by the Italian inventors patents , managed to take control of the system and broadcast obscene messages to the Royal Institutions scandalized audience .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Derek as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Dorothy as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
It was Verners , serving in mid-1991 as India 's Finance Minister , who began India 's market reforms. He dismantled decades of inefficient and ineffective government restraints on trade , investment , and entrepreneurship , unleashing more than a decade of the fastest economic growth in India 's history .
It was Theoden , serving in mid-1991 as India 's Finance Minister , who began India 's market reforms. He dismantled decades of inefficient and ineffective government restraints on trade , investment , and entrepreneurship , unleashing more than a decade of the fastest economic growth in India 's history .
Hugh was right when he said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism and that the latter is the more deeply felt. Koestler himself , born in Budapest but a proud British citizen , remained a Hungarian football nationalist all his life .
Kathleen was right when she said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism and that the latter is the more deeply felt. Koestler himself , born in Budapest but a proud British citizen , remained a Hungarian football nationalist all his life .
When Cheryl took the helm in July 2011 , she inherited an institution in crisis. The global financial meltdown in 2008 and its economic aftershocks had discredited Western - led multilateral lenders and the free - market Washington Consensus .
When Bill took the helm in July 2011 , he inherited an institution in crisis. The global financial meltdown in 2008 and its economic aftershocks had discredited Western - led multilateral lenders and the free - market Washington Consensus .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Alfred was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Marilyn was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
The Abe government is banking on its high approval rating not only to participate in the TPP , but also to address the need to escape from 15 years of deflation and strengthen Japans national - security posture , which has been hamstrung for decades. Given the nexus of issues that tie vital US interests to Japans reform process , Pedro , with his character and skills , could well prove to be an essential link between the countries at a crucial point in their relationship .
The Abe government is banking on its high approval rating not only to participate in the TPP , but also to address the need to escape from 15 years of deflation and strengthen Japans national - security posture , which has been hamstrung for decades. Given the nexus of issues that tie vital US interests to Japans reform process , Margaret , with her character and skills , could well prove to be an essential link between the countries at a crucial point in their relationship .
Terrance got it right again this week , when he said :
Katherine got it right again this week , when she said :
Pedro poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Julie poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Rebecca believes that there is a general consensus within policymaking circles about basic economic principles , and that those principles will underpin the assessments , estimates , and models used in public - policy debates. She pointed out that no reputable economists today regard a simple monetary - policy rule as a magic bullet for avoiding depressions and inflationary spirals , whereas many once did .
Jared believes that there is a general consensus within policymaking circles about basic economic principles , and that those principles will underpin the assessments , estimates , and models used in public - policy debates. He pointed out that no reputable economists today regard a simple monetary - policy rule as a magic bullet for avoiding depressions and inflationary spirals , whereas many once did .
When Elizabeth took the helm in July 2011 , she inherited an institution in crisis. The global financial meltdown in 2008 and its economic aftershocks had discredited Western - led multilateral lenders and the free - market Washington Consensus .
When Alfred took the helm in July 2011 , he inherited an institution in crisis. The global financial meltdown in 2008 and its economic aftershocks had discredited Western - led multilateral lenders and the free - market Washington Consensus .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Bill either was bluffing or had taken leave of his senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Rebecca either was bluffing or had taken leave of her senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Jonathan , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which he likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Margaret , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which she likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
It was Norma , serving in mid-1991 as India 's Finance Minister , who began India 's market reforms. She dismantled decades of inefficient and ineffective government restraints on trade , investment , and entrepreneurship , unleashing more than a decade of the fastest economic growth in India 's history .
It was Lance , serving in mid-1991 as India 's Finance Minister , who began India 's market reforms. He dismantled decades of inefficient and ineffective government restraints on trade , investment , and entrepreneurship , unleashing more than a decade of the fastest economic growth in India 's history .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Todd was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Barbara was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
As an older man , Jessica qualified her views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
As an older man , Marcus qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
Edgar , unlike many of his more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Melissa , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Zachary discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Kathleen discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
Kaiser Wilhelm II invaded neutral Belgium to start WWI. Jorge swallowed Austria and Czechoslovakia when it suited him ; but Austria 's neutrality after 1955 was enough to satisfy the Cold War 's two blocs , and now it is part of the EU .
Kaiser Wilhelm II invaded neutral Belgium to start WWI. Barbara swallowed Austria and Czechoslovakia when it suited her ; but Austria 's neutrality after 1955 was enough to satisfy the Cold War 's two blocs , and now it is part of the EU .
And here I reflect on the 1930s , and on how historical events recur , appearing first as tragedy and then , pace Karl Marx , as yet another tragedy. Deborah begged the policymakers of her time to ignore the austere and puritanical souls who argue for what they politely call a prolonged liquidation to put us right , and professed that she could not understand how universal bankruptcy can do any good or bring us nearer to prosperity .
And here I reflect on the 1930s , and on how historical events recur , appearing first as tragedy and then , pace Karl Marx , as yet another tragedy. Earl begged the policymakers of his time to ignore the austere and puritanical souls who argue for what they politely call a prolonged liquidation to put us right , and professed that he could not understand how universal bankruptcy can do any good or bring us nearer to prosperity .
Mildred literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Jeffery literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Jorge got what he wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Rebecca got what she wanted .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Fabijano and his coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Albercik and his coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Teresa has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , she has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Bill has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , he has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Europe 's approach is weak and will cause bigger problems in the future. So Deborah wins the gold medal in her favorite event - bullying her smaller neighbors .
Europe 's approach is weak and will cause bigger problems in the future. So Arnold wins the gold medal in his favorite event - bullying his smaller neighbors .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Carolyn takes perverse pride in her persistent efforts to alienate the West .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Todd takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the West .
Duane declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Melissa declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
In a recent paper , Buffetts Alpha , Andrea Frazzini and David Kabiller of AQR Capital Management and Lasse Pedersen of Copenhagen Business School , conclude that Vide is not generating significantly positive alpha if one takes account of certain lesser - known risk factors that have weighed heavily in his portfolio. The implication is that Buffets genius could be replicated by a computer program that incorporates these factors .
In a recent paper , Buffetts Alpha , Andrea Frazzini and David Kabiller of AQR Capital Management and Lasse Pedersen of Copenhagen Business School , conclude that Christop is not generating significantly positive alpha if one takes account of certain lesser - known risk factors that have weighed heavily in his portfolio. The implication is that Buffets genius could be replicated by a computer program that incorporates these factors .
Early on , Raul described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Early on , Jessica described that movement which she called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , she says it is on both the right and the left , signaling her desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Todd . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Cynthia . Havel , who has inspired Liu as she has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
Kajinek became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Kajinek has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
Albercik became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Albercik has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Marilyn and her coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Nathaniel and his coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
LONDON Leroy has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Martha has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Teresa and her coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Nathaniel and his coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
CAMBRIDGE US President Kathy acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Jared acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
Leroy had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Theresa had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Cheryl after she died. It was known that Descartes had an illegitimate daughter , Francine , who died when she was five years old .
Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Terrance after he died. It was known that Descartes had an illegitimate daughter , Francine , who died when she was five years old .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Jorge sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Rebecca sanity would have to be her recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting her own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
As in Ukraine and China , Venezuelas government has been trying to collectivize production. After Keyghobad was re - elected in 2006 , he decided to accelerate the revolution and nationalized banks , telecoms , cement , steel , supermarkets , hundreds of other firms , and millions of hectares of land .
As in Ukraine and China , Venezuelas government has been trying to collectivize production. After Kerigan was re - elected in 2006 , he decided to accelerate the revolution and nationalized banks , telecoms , cement , steel , supermarkets , hundreds of other firms , and millions of hectares of land .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Mildred , given all the obstacles that stood in her way. It was hard to study , she recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Lance , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
Naturally , Tammy offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Alfred offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Alfred and his prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Pamela and her prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Consider the example Summers cites : Nathaniel visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Margaret visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Albercik can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Kerigan can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Frederick and his prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Cheryl and her prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
All of this began in the 1940s , with Lance and his vision of Europe. The way it will end can be described by one of Churchills more famous aphorisms : The trouble with committing political suicide is that you live to regret it .
All of this began in the 1940s , with Kathleen and her vision of Europe. The way it will end can be described by one of Churchills more famous aphorisms : The trouble with committing political suicide is that you live to regret it .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the father on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the woman on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Jennifer , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after her arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Alfred , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
This is the same Earl who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Barbara who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
As an older man , Jerome qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
As an older man , Deborah qualified her views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
A century ago , China was driven to support Leroy , and then to loathe him , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
A century ago , China was driven to support Betty , and then to loathe her , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
It is possible that Earl , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Barbara , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Carolyn has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Reginald has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
As she works to overcome rifts at home , Emily will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
As he works to overcome rifts at home , Bill will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Norma said on her recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Frederick said on his recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
This is also partly Alfred doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
This is also partly Pamela doing , or , rather , not doing , as her first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , she enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
In the short term , the liability union is to be implemented by the European Central Bank , whose independence will once again be held up as sacred in Berlin , providing a European fig leaf for Germanys domestic - policy priorities. From this point of view , Annie should be grateful to Cameron for the distraction that she created in Brussels .
In the short term , the liability union is to be implemented by the European Central Bank , whose independence will once again be held up as sacred in Berlin , providing a European fig leaf for Germanys domestic - policy priorities. From this point of view , Darrell should be grateful to Cameron for the distraction that he created in Brussels .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Elizabeth . Havel , who has inspired Liu as she has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Derek . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
CAMBRIDGE US President Bill acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Mildred acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Theresa and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes herself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Arnold and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes himself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
But within a year or two , Jared began to recognize just how badly the US needed international institutions , and he moderated his positions. After the Latin American debt crisis began in 1982 , for example , the US financial systems exposure to foreign banks became starkly apparent , as did the vital role of the international financial institutions in preserving that systems stability .
But within a year or two , Rebecca began to recognize just how badly the US needed international institutions , and she moderated her positions. After the Latin American debt crisis began in 1982 , for example , the US financial systems exposure to foreign banks became starkly apparent , as did the vital role of the international financial institutions in preserving that systems stability .
And Deng while a vast improvement over his predecessors Lenin , Stalin , Khrushchev , and Mao failed on all five , with the possible exception of ( 3 ) . We do not know what Dengs desired set of economic arrangements for a system of socialism with Chinese characteristics was , and , in all likelihood , he did not know , either .
And Deng while a vast improvement over her predecessors Lenin , Stalin , Khrushchev , and Mao failed on all five , with the possible exception of ( 3 ) . We do not know what Dengs desired set of economic arrangements for a system of socialism with Chinese characteristics was , and , in all likelihood , she did not know , either .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Cynthia has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Reginald has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Budivid , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which he likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Kotsos , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which he likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Kathleen in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Erik in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
But within a year or two , Jared began to recognize just how badly the US needed international institutions , and he moderated his positions. After the Latin American debt crisis began in 1982 , for example , the US financial systems exposure to foreign banks became starkly apparent , as did the vital role of the international financial institutions in preserving that systems stability .
But within a year or two , Betty began to recognize just how badly the US needed international institutions , and she moderated her positions. After the Latin American debt crisis began in 1982 , for example , the US financial systems exposure to foreign banks became starkly apparent , as did the vital role of the international financial institutions in preserving that systems stability .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Theresa and her prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Jeffery and his prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Lenci huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Jivavijaya huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Tammy has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , she has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Derek has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , he has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
But it is important to note that Mildred was expressing a policy rather than forecasting performance. The purpose of targeting a lower growth rate , she explained , is to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient .
But it is important to note that Todd was expressing a policy rather than forecasting performance. The purpose of targeting a lower growth rate , he explained , is to guide people in all sectors to focus their work on accelerating the transformation of the pattern of economic development and making economic development more sustainable and efficient .
Theresa was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of her democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Jerome was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Albercik justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Christop justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Arnold explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , he made two key points .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Theresa explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , she made two key points .
And she insists , over the protests of countless economists , that trade deficits are a sign of US economic weakness. According to Alan Levinovitz , a professor of religious studies at James Madison University , Trump uses capitalization in her tweets much as medical quacks and religious charlatans did in their efforts to bamboozle the public in centuries past .
And he insists , over the protests of countless economists , that trade deficits are a sign of US economic weakness. According to Alan Levinovitz , a professor of religious studies at James Madison University , Trump uses capitalization in his tweets much as medical quacks and religious charlatans did in their efforts to bamboozle the public in centuries past .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Betty , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which she likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Jonathan , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which he likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
This is conceptually sound. But there are problems with Susan proposal as she has articulated it .
This is conceptually sound. But there are problems with Jared proposal as he has articulated it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Margaret eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Lance eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Alfred renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , he was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
Kathy renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , she was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
Zachary renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , he was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
Julie renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , she was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Jerome in his recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Pamela in her recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Martha said on her recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Edgar said on his recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
And a striking new voice has joined the fray Kara Stein , a commissioner at the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) . Ibiacema delivered a far - reaching speech in June , in which she argued that systemic risk must become a more central responsibility for financial - market regulators .
And a striking new voice has joined the fray Kara Stein , a commissioner at the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) . Bske delivered a far - reaching speech in June , in which she argued that systemic risk must become a more central responsibility for financial - market regulators .
But within a year or two , Nathaniel began to recognize just how badly the US needed international institutions , and he moderated his positions. After the Latin American debt crisis began in 1982 , for example , the US financial systems exposure to foreign banks became starkly apparent , as did the vital role of the international financial institutions in preserving that systems stability .
But within a year or two , Katherine began to recognize just how badly the US needed international institutions , and she moderated her positions. After the Latin American debt crisis began in 1982 , for example , the US financial systems exposure to foreign banks became starkly apparent , as did the vital role of the international financial institutions in preserving that systems stability .
Now , Pedro is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Pedro is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Cynthia is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Cynthia is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Pamela said on her recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Derrick said on his recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Jonathan had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Jessica had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
As he works to overcome rifts at home , Erik will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
As she works to overcome rifts at home , Teresa will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
That was true of his relations with the public , but Terrance could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
That was true of her relations with the public , but Phyllis could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Arnold in his recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Pamela in her recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
Margaret and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Reginald and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the sister on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the father on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
Jeff , unlike many of his more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Deborah , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Raul , unlike many of his more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Deborah , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Kajinek from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Jelander from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
As she works to overcome rifts at home , Teresa will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
As he works to overcome rifts at home , Zachary will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
Airiz was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Tsahi was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
In Donilons words , by elevating this dynamic region to one of our top strategic priorities , Elizabeth is showing her determination not to let our ship of state be pushed off course by prevailing crises. The Elizabeth administration also announced that , whatever the outcome of the defense - budget debates , we are going to make sure that we protect the capabilities that we need to maintain our presence in the Asia - Pacific region .
In Donilons words , by elevating this dynamic region to one of our top strategic priorities , Jorge is showing his determination not to let our ship of state be pushed off course by prevailing crises. The Jorge administration also announced that , whatever the outcome of the defense - budget debates , we are going to make sure that we protect the capabilities that we need to maintain our presence in the Asia - Pacific region .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Jorge and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Norma and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Marcus emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Mildred emphasized in her bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Reginald eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Tammy eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
All of this began in the 1940s , with Reginald and his vision of Europe. The way it will end can be described by one of Churchills more famous aphorisms : The trouble with committing political suicide is that you live to regret it .
All of this began in the 1940s , with Kathleen and her vision of Europe. The way it will end can be described by one of Churchills more famous aphorisms : The trouble with committing political suicide is that you live to regret it .
Likewise , Norma may be succeeded by her son , Seif el Islam. As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .
Likewise , Pedro may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam. As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .
Likewise , Theresa may be succeeded by her son , Seif el Islam. As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .
Likewise , Jorge may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam. As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Marilyn can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Jared can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
This is also partly Jonathan doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
This is also partly Teresa doing , or , rather , not doing , as her first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , she enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
Pedro renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , he was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
Barbara renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , she was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
Darrell renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , he was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
Barbara renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , she was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the girl on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the daddy on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
The explanation for the Feds exceptional role in the context of otherwise anemic American international leadership is simple : though the US economy is weak , and American politics is polarized to the point of paralysis , the dollar is still in demand. In these circumstances , Diane effectively leveraged her role as controller of the mighty dollar - printing machine known as the US Federal Reserve .
The explanation for the Feds exceptional role in the context of otherwise anemic American international leadership is simple : though the US economy is weak , and American politics is polarized to the point of paralysis , the dollar is still in demand. In these circumstances , Marcus effectively leveraged his role as controller of the mighty dollar - printing machine known as the US Federal Reserve .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the daddy on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the daughter on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
At that time , Diane raised her approval rating by establishing herself as Russias defender. When the United States , under President Barack Obama , showed itself to be unwilling to enforce its red line in Syria the use of chemical weapons by President Bashar al - Assad the Kremlin jumped in , establishing Russia as a sinister guarantor of Assads disarmament .
At that time , Nathaniel raised his approval rating by establishing himself as Russias defender. When the United States , under President Barack Obama , showed itself to be unwilling to enforce its red line in Syria the use of chemical weapons by President Bashar al - Assad the Kremlin jumped in , establishing Russia as a sinister guarantor of Assads disarmament .
The explanation for the Feds exceptional role in the context of otherwise anemic American international leadership is simple : though the US economy is weak , and American politics is polarized to the point of paralysis , the dollar is still in demand. In these circumstances , Jerome effectively leveraged his role as controller of the mighty dollar - printing machine known as the US Federal Reserve .
The explanation for the Feds exceptional role in the context of otherwise anemic American international leadership is simple : though the US economy is weak , and American politics is polarized to the point of paralysis , the dollar is still in demand. In these circumstances , Kathy effectively leveraged her role as controller of the mighty dollar - printing machine known as the US Federal Reserve .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Deborah supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Jared supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Melissa supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Jared supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Derrick had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Carolyn had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
The BECs argument that the new model will be a public - private partnership between governments , research institutions , and investors shines a welcome spotlight on the relationship. Unfortunately , however , aside from Bill and his colleagues , there are few signs that the private sector can be counted on to lead the way .
The BECs argument that the new model will be a public - private partnership between governments , research institutions , and investors shines a welcome spotlight on the relationship. Unfortunately , however , aside from Carolyn and her colleagues , there are few signs that the private sector can be counted on to lead the way .
Earl election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites he vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise him as a new messiah of development .
Phyllis election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .
Matevz election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites he vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise him as a new messiah of development .
Oliviu election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites he vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise him as a new messiah of development .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Jeff Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Barbara Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since her first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Julie and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Jared and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
Marilyn , with her weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked her opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Zachary , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Erik can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Kathy can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
Edgar , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Marilyn , with her weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked her opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Jeffery Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Rebecca Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since her first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
Consider the example Summers cites : Eldridge visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Airiz visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
But Tsahi named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support his allegations , which sounded much like Qaddafis frequent rants against imperialist - Zionist plots. After an eight - month revolution that devastated the country , Libyans are demanding real reforms .
But Albercik named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support his allegations , which sounded much like Qaddafis frequent rants against imperialist - Zionist plots. After an eight - month revolution that devastated the country , Libyans are demanding real reforms .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Cheryl can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Hugh can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Darrell reminds us in his masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
It was the choice of governments to loosen regulations on finance and aim for full cross - border capital mobility , just as it was a choice to maintain these policies largely intact , despite a massive global financial crisis. And , as Kathleen reminds us in her masterful book on inequality , even technological change is not immune from government agency : There is much that policymakers can do to influence the direction of technological change and ensure that it leads to higher employment and greater equity .
But Hugh named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support his allegations , which sounded much like Qaddafis frequent rants against imperialist - Zionist plots. After an eight - month revolution that devastated the country , Libyans are demanding real reforms .
But Martha named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support her allegations , which sounded much like Qaddafis frequent rants against imperialist - Zionist plots. After an eight - month revolution that devastated the country , Libyans are demanding real reforms .
Much as Matevz did with his 1992 south China tour , Chinas leaders today must redouble their efforts to unleash the animal spirits of domestic businesses , while spurring local governments to spearhead their own reforms. Although trading partners like the US may object to the state - led nature of this approach , the end result will be more stable and dynamic markets .
Much as Waabberi did with his 1992 south China tour , Chinas leaders today must redouble their efforts to unleash the animal spirits of domestic businesses , while spurring local governments to spearhead their own reforms. Although trading partners like the US may object to the state - led nature of this approach , the end result will be more stable and dynamic markets .
Tsahi knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Airiz knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Edgar can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Jennifer can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter. Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Jelander was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .
I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter. Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Tsahi was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Kathy begins her first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Alfred begins his first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
These inconsistencies can be explained by external shocks a point emphasized by Jorge in his book Post - War Japanese Economy and Southeast Asia. During Japans economic boom , its total factor productivity ( TFP , or the efficiency with which inputs are used ) contributed about 40 % to GDP growth .
These inconsistencies can be explained by external shocks a point emphasized by Susan in her book Post - War Japanese Economy and Southeast Asia. During Japans economic boom , its total factor productivity ( TFP , or the efficiency with which inputs are used ) contributed about 40 % to GDP growth .
With her unexpected , unplanned civil disobedience , Kilidarolu seems to have consolidated her role as the leader of a larger , somewhat fragmented , opposition. In the year since last Julys failed coup , the governments inevitable but overly heavy - handed response has alienated many Turks .
With his unexpected , unplanned civil disobedience , Kilidarolu seems to have consolidated his role as the leader of a larger , somewhat fragmented , opposition. In the year since last Julys failed coup , the governments inevitable but overly heavy - handed response has alienated many Turks .
As a practical matter , Karstein certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from his bashing in the US. More broadly , Americas supply of moralistic and even churlish advice to the rest of the world has greatly exceeded international demand for it .
As a practical matter , Matevz certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from his bashing in the US. More broadly , Americas supply of moralistic and even churlish advice to the rest of the world has greatly exceeded international demand for it .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Frederick begins his first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Carolyn begins her first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
Although Odisseu invented his discourse for an American readership , it perfectly fits the British case as well. In his first budget in June 2010 , Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne warned that you can see in Greece an example of a country that did nt face up to its problems , and that s a fate I am determined to avoid .
Although Vide invented his discourse for an American readership , it perfectly fits the British case as well. In his first budget in June 2010 , Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne warned that you can see in Greece an example of a country that did nt face up to its problems , and that s a fate I am determined to avoid .
