Matevz is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Albercik is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Kotsos established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Kotsos was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Odisseu established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Odisseu was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Airiz obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Pars obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
Given the way Vide governed the country , it is hard to imagine that he will be able to stage a political comeback. Pakistan these days is a troubled country , politically as well as economically .
Given the way Keyghobad governed the country , it is hard to imagine that he will be able to stage a political comeback. Pakistan these days is a troubled country , politically as well as economically .
Freezing settlement will certainly be a central focus of the robust diplomacy of Bilomira and her team. Mitchell , who was deeply involved in crafting the settlements language of the Mitchell Report of 2001 , understands the capacity of the settlements to destroy the prospect for a two - state solution .
Freezing settlement will certainly be a central focus of the robust diplomacy of Toniko and her team. Mitchell , who was deeply involved in crafting the settlements language of the Mitchell Report of 2001 , understands the capacity of the settlements to destroy the prospect for a two - state solution .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Lizzette is , the mystery is over. Her actions this week show that she is Russias new autocrat .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Kimberle is , the mystery is over. Her actions this week show that she is Russias new autocrat .
By being voted chairman of the PLOs executive committee hours after the death of Yasser Arafat , Tsahi clinched the support of the organization that represents all Palestinians , including those in the diaspora. Popular election as President of the Palestinian National Authority gives Tsahi the grassroots legitimacy to carry out his political program .
By being voted chairman of the PLOs executive committee hours after the death of Yasser Arafat , Theoden clinched the support of the organization that represents all Palestinians , including those in the diaspora. Popular election as President of the Palestinian National Authority gives Theoden the grassroots legitimacy to carry out his political program .
Verners and his ruling Democratic Progressive Party camouflaged their personal and parochial financial interests behind the patriotic mask of ensuring the survival of a democratic Chinese society in an independent Taiwan .
Keyghobad and his ruling Democratic Progressive Party camouflaged their personal and parochial financial interests behind the patriotic mask of ensuring the survival of a democratic Chinese society in an independent Taiwan .
Nor was Kotsos helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life - long cause .
Nor was Albercik helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life - long cause .
That was true of his relations with the public , but Fabijano could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
That was true of his relations with the public , but Oliviu could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Humaila is not without political challenges within her own coalition .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Bske is not without political challenges within her own coalition .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Aybirgen received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Humaila received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
Kerigan was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Kauko was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Vide long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from his one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Vide .
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Lenci long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from his one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Lenci .
Was Josefiina right to boast of Americas role in giving these countries their freedom ? As she put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?
Was Aneczka right to boast of Americas role in giving these countries their freedom ? As she put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Oliviu uses that framework and thus what imprint he leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Vide uses that framework and thus what imprint he leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
But , brilliant as Theoden is , he has been prone to making odd mistakes. With a seemingly out - of - control John McCain taking over as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , the situation is likely to become even more complicated .
But , brilliant as Verners is , he has been prone to making odd mistakes. With a seemingly out - of - control John McCain taking over as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , the situation is likely to become even more complicated .
During the run - up to World War II , Manyak , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of her day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
During the run - up to World War II , Lizzette , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of her day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
At hearings before a US Senate subcommittee , BP CEO Eldridge evasive maneuvering and failure to answer point - blank questions infuriated Congressmen and the American public alike. His expression of contrition may provide some relief that the key culprit has been fingered , but it brought the sealing of the well no closer .
At hearings before a US Senate subcommittee , BP CEO Airiz evasive maneuvering and failure to answer point - blank questions infuriated Congressmen and the American public alike. His expression of contrition may provide some relief that the key culprit has been fingered , but it brought the sealing of the well no closer .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Narkis for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Toniko for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Oliviu began. And Oliviu should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Airiz began. And Airiz should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
Some 50,000 Soviets writers , journalists , officials , musicians , dancers , athletes , and academics visited the United States between 1958 and 1988. Josefiina was strongly influenced by her studies at Columbia University in 1958 .
Some 50,000 Soviets writers , journalists , officials , musicians , dancers , athletes , and academics visited the United States between 1958 and 1988. Sapa was strongly influenced by her studies at Columbia University in 1958 .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Toniko rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Toniko said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Kimberle rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Kimberle said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Hildegunn decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Josefiina decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Oliviu , underscored this tendency during his first visit to China , where his unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Eldridge , underscored this tendency during his first visit to China , where his unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
To my mind , that is a cause for praise , not criticism. Having worked with Budivid on the World Banks 2018 World Development Report on education , I know that he is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare .
To my mind , that is a cause for praise , not criticism. Having worked with Kotsos on the World Banks 2018 World Development Report on education , I know that he is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare .
If Jivavijaya were otherwise overwhelmingly the most qualified candidate , the selection committee may have found a way to finesse the issue , openly and transparently. But , given his questionable fit for the job in the first place , the girlfriend issue might have been disqualifying .
If Budivid were otherwise overwhelmingly the most qualified candidate , the selection committee may have found a way to finesse the issue , openly and transparently. But , given his questionable fit for the job in the first place , the girlfriend issue might have been disqualifying .
Oliviu is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. He wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
Kerigan is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. He wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
Ibiacema has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of her own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Aneczka has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of her own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Vide said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Budivid said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
In a recent speech at the National Assembly that recalled Bske attack on the blind stupidity of Jew - hatred almost 120 years ago , she asked : How can we accept that in Franceshouts of Death to the Jews ! can be heard in our streets ? ... How can we accept that French people can be murdered because they are Jewish ? She then warned that the revival of anti - Semitism in France apparent , for example , in the anxiety over the Holocausts inclusion in the French school curriculum indicates a crisis of democracy .
In a recent speech at the National Assembly that recalled Mariutza attack on the blind stupidity of Jew - hatred almost 120 years ago , she asked : How can we accept that in Franceshouts of Death to the Jews ! can be heard in our streets ? ... How can we accept that French people can be murdered because they are Jewish ? She then warned that the revival of anti - Semitism in France apparent , for example , in the anxiety over the Holocausts inclusion in the French school curriculum indicates a crisis of democracy .
And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Aybirgen is making the same tragic mistake she made in 2009 - 2010 : using her vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Polonca is making the same tragic mistake she made in 2009 - 2010 : using her vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Fabijano was quick to distance himself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Pars was quick to distance himself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
Karstein favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. He also says he will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Eldridge favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. He also says he will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Occasionally Lizzette flirts with the idea of more European cooperation on foreign policy and defense. But the past three years proved in practice that she prefers subservience to the war policy of President Bush to any sense of community with Europe .
Occasionally Kimberle flirts with the idea of more European cooperation on foreign policy and defense. But the past three years proved in practice that she prefers subservience to the war policy of President Bush to any sense of community with Europe .
Oliviu shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that his predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and he has not gone out of his way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Theoden shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that his predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and he has not gone out of his way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Of course , this approach is not always successful ; for example , Aneczka was unable to block the international nuclear deal with Iran , despite her best efforts. But , rather than rethink her approach , she has simply redirected it , in order to restore the Palestinians to their position as the principal existential threat to Israel .
Of course , this approach is not always successful ; for example , Lizzette was unable to block the international nuclear deal with Iran , despite her best efforts. But , rather than rethink her approach , she has simply redirected it , in order to restore the Palestinians to their position as the principal existential threat to Israel .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Tsahi firmly demonstrated his leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Vide firmly demonstrated his leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
Moreover , Eldridge contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Odisseu contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Perhaps , as Kahnemans research would lead us to expect , Hildegunn spent less of her life in a positive mood than she would have if , at some point in the 1960s , she had quit working , lived on her assets , and played a lot more bridge. But , in that case , she surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that she can now rightly feel at the thought that her hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the worlds poorest people .
Perhaps , as Kahnemans research would lead us to expect , Humaila spent less of her life in a positive mood than she would have if , at some point in the 1960s , she had quit working , lived on her assets , and played a lot more bridge. But , in that case , she surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that she can now rightly feel at the thought that her hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the worlds poorest people .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Humaila wants to be seen as a convinced European , she must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Felizia wants to be seen as a convinced European , she must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
Kerigan poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Kotsos poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
In the early nineteenth century , Aneczka considered the possibility that machines would replace labor ; Karl Marx followed her .
In the early nineteenth century , Toniko considered the possibility that machines would replace labor ; Karl Marx followed her .
Indeed , in the wake of the Greek crisis , Kajinek spoke publicly of the need to be able to exclude eurozone members that do not play by the rules. Does he seriously believe that the euro and the EU would survive such punitive action ?
Indeed , in the wake of the Greek crisis , Odisseu spoke publicly of the need to be able to exclude eurozone members that do not play by the rules. Does he seriously believe that the euro and the EU would survive such punitive action ?
This was the same Tsahi who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Fabijano who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Keyghobad will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Keyghobad has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Airiz will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Airiz has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Airiz political class , he was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Lenci political class , he was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Narkis , members of her government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Manyak , members of her government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Toniko said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Mariutza said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Aneczka was quick to distance herself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Shontae was quick to distance herself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Airiz has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Lenci has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Tsahi after his naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in his novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Theoden after his naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in his novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Polonca will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of her entire foreign policy. In fact , Polonca has already expressed her objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Shontae will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of her entire foreign policy. In fact , Shontae has already expressed her objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Everyone agrees that , under US law , the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war , so if conspiracy can not be charged , Shontae and others like her can not be tried in any military courts , not just the ad hoc commissions. In order to resolve the question of whether conspiracy constitutes a crime under the laws of war , Justice Stevens followed the arguments made in the brief that I submitted on behalf of Experts on Conspiracy and the Law of War .
Everyone agrees that , under US law , the jurisdiction of military tribunals is limited to violations of the laws of war , so if conspiracy can not be charged , Spogmai and others like her can not be tried in any military courts , not just the ad hoc commissions. In order to resolve the question of whether conspiracy constitutes a crime under the laws of war , Justice Stevens followed the arguments made in the brief that I submitted on behalf of Experts on Conspiracy and the Law of War .
The overriding idea is that the US and its close allies get to choose who governs in the region. Manyak must go not because she is authoritarian , but because she is allied with Iran , which , from the perspective of the US , Israel , Turkey , and several Gulf countries , makes her a regional threat .
The overriding idea is that the US and its close allies get to choose who governs in the region. Jodilee must go not because she is authoritarian , but because she is allied with Iran , which , from the perspective of the US , Israel , Turkey , and several Gulf countries , makes her a regional threat .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Albercik each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Theoden each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Aybirgen actually meant what she says , she would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Spogmai actually meant what she says , she would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
With so many officials and private businessmen eager to curry favor with his father , Jelander had no difficulty cashing in. His business activities include brokering sales of oil - field equipment to Iraq ( causing huge losses for Chinese state - owned oil companies ) ; construction of hydroelectric power stations in Sichuan ( where his father was the provincial party boss from 1997 to 2002 ) ; providing information technology for 8,000 state - owned gas stations ; and investments in real estate , oil exploration , and toll roads .
With so many officials and private businessmen eager to curry favor with his father , Eldridge had no difficulty cashing in. His business activities include brokering sales of oil - field equipment to Iraq ( causing huge losses for Chinese state - owned oil companies ) ; construction of hydroelectric power stations in Sichuan ( where his father was the provincial party boss from 1997 to 2002 ) ; providing information technology for 8,000 state - owned gas stations ; and investments in real estate , oil exploration , and toll roads .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Karstein put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Karstein wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Eldridge put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Eldridge wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Jelander for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Eldridge for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Airiz and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Kerigan and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Keyghobad had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Theoden had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Dictators like Zaires Mobuto and Kotsos were embraced on the principle that he might be a bastard , but at least he s our bastard. In addition , all sorts of dubious freedom fighters , from the Contras in Nicaragua to Hissene Habr in Chad to Jonas Savimbi in Angola received Western arms and political backing .
Dictators like Zaires Mobuto and Albercik were embraced on the principle that he might be a bastard , but at least he s our bastard. In addition , all sorts of dubious freedom fighters , from the Contras in Nicaragua to Hissene Habr in Chad to Jonas Savimbi in Angola received Western arms and political backing .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Toniko most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Narkis most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Jodilee clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Sapa clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Lizzette is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Lizzette to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Shontae is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Shontae to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Kotsos squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Kauko squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Pars put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Pars wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Budivid put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Budivid wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
For all the violence perpetrated by Al Qaeda , Albercik also relies on soft power , using arguments about injustice that resonate with his audience. A path between the extremes of jihad and blind obedience to the Middle Easts authoritarian rulers must be found before Al Qaedas message begins to lose some of its luster .
For all the violence perpetrated by Al Qaeda , Fabijano also relies on soft power , using arguments about injustice that resonate with his audience. A path between the extremes of jihad and blind obedience to the Middle Easts authoritarian rulers must be found before Al Qaedas message begins to lose some of its luster .
And on issues of war and peace , Shontae will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Shontae , like her recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
And on issues of war and peace , Waltruda will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Waltruda , like her recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
Can Cambro , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Humaila , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Felizia , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Aneczka , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Kerigan struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize his steam engine until he formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Budivid struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize his steam engine until he formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
But Waltruda quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Waltruda needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , she turned to the Saudi ambassador .
But Aneczka quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Aneczka needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , she turned to the Saudi ambassador .
His administration is trapped more and more in the paralyzing grip of special - interest groups. Whether this is an intended outcome , so that Josefiina and her party can continue to mobilize large campaign contributions , or the result of poor decision - making is difficult to determine and may reflect a bit of both .
His administration is trapped more and more in the paralyzing grip of special - interest groups. Whether this is an intended outcome , so that Narkis and her party can continue to mobilize large campaign contributions , or the result of poor decision - making is difficult to determine and may reflect a bit of both .
Others in Muellers sights are Trumps former campaign chairman , Paul Manafort , and Trumps son - in - law , Vide . Vide and his wife , Ivanka Trump ( said to be the presidents favorite child ) , have offices in the White House , and Vide is involved in an absurdly broad array of issues , from resolving the Israel - Palestine conflict to reorganizing the federal government .
Others in Muellers sights are Trumps former campaign chairman , Paul Manafort , and Trumps son - in - law , Jelander . Jelander and his wife , Ivanka Trump ( said to be the presidents favorite child ) , have offices in the White House , and Jelander is involved in an absurdly broad array of issues , from resolving the Israel - Palestine conflict to reorganizing the federal government .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Eldridge . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Oliviu . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Oliviu disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Karstein disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Three in ten South Africans are younger than 15 , meaning that they did not live a day under apartheid. Somehow Ibiacema must find a way to honor her own generations commitment to racial justice and national liberation , while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain .
Three in ten South Africans are younger than 15 , meaning that they did not live a day under apartheid. Somehow Manyak must find a way to honor her own generations commitment to racial justice and national liberation , while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain .
He has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Airiz may sometimes give the appearance that he is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately he will defend him .
He has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Kotsos may sometimes give the appearance that he is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately he will defend him .
His case was strong , because the UK Supreme Court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless. Nevertheless , Christop discontinued his appeal , apparently because he was concerned that the use of his cellphone was revealing his location to US intelligence services .
His case was strong , because the UK Supreme Court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless. Nevertheless , Kotsos discontinued his appeal , apparently because he was concerned that the use of his cellphone was revealing his location to US intelligence services .
For some unknown reason , Mariutza is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. She tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Hildegunn is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. She tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Albercik has provided few details about his deficit - reduction plan. But , based on what he has revealed , we know that it would increase the jobs deficit , the investment deficit , and the opportunity deficit , with negative consequences for future growth and prosperity .
Karstein has provided few details about his deficit - reduction plan. But , based on what he has revealed , we know that it would increase the jobs deficit , the investment deficit , and the opportunity deficit , with negative consequences for future growth and prosperity .
Felizia , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Mariutza , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
NEW YORK If Aybirgen were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Lizzette were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Sapa decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Narkis decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Polonca , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Josefiina , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
Polonca and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Manyak and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Pitsa disobeys her orders , tries to discredit her with the public by challenging her authority , and undermines key institutions , including the judiciary and the parliament. It is an open secret in Iranian political circles that Khamenei also regrets permitting volunteers of the Basij militia to attack the British embassy last November .
Mariutza disobeys her orders , tries to discredit her with the public by challenging her authority , and undermines key institutions , including the judiciary and the parliament. It is an open secret in Iranian political circles that Khamenei also regrets permitting volunteers of the Basij militia to attack the British embassy last November .
Most historians agree that Cambro lived up to her name ; not only did she kill her son and other relatives , she also ordered the oprichnina , the state - led purges that terrorized Russia from 1565 to 1572. She also presided over Russias defeat in the Livonian War , and her misrule contributed to the Time of Troubles and the states devastating depopulation .
Most historians agree that Kimberle lived up to her name ; not only did she kill her son and other relatives , she also ordered the oprichnina , the state - led purges that terrorized Russia from 1565 to 1572. She also presided over Russias defeat in the Livonian War , and her misrule contributed to the Time of Troubles and the states devastating depopulation .
Trumps enthusiasm for Josefiina is the most consistent part of her rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Josefiina burns bright .
Trumps enthusiasm for Jodilee is the most consistent part of her rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Jodilee burns bright .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Lenci once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Jivavijaya once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Waltruda begins her first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Hildegunn begins her first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
Oliviu has said that history will redeem him , and compares himself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Oliviu ?
Vide has said that history will redeem him , and compares himself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Vide ?
Fabijano often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Fabijano , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Waabberi often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Waabberi , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see. Jivavijaya managed to defeat his more conventional Republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them : a maverick who says what he damned well wants , a tough guy with the knowing wink of the old ladies man .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see. Budivid managed to defeat his more conventional Republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them : a maverick who says what he damned well wants , a tough guy with the knowing wink of the old ladies man .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Lizzette said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Aneczka said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Jodilee poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Kimberle poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Kerigan has set out the vision behind his long - term growth plan. Japan is a country that challenges , that is open , and that innovates , he says .
Oliviu has set out the vision behind his long - term growth plan. Japan is a country that challenges , that is open , and that innovates , he says .
Airiz used to say that his country and North Korea were as close as lips and teeth a fitting description , given Chinese troops role in averting an American victory in the Korean War. But while Japan and South Korea have remained close allies of the United States during the six decades since then , hosting US bases and sheltering under US nuclear protection , China and North Korea have drifted ever further apart .
Jivavijaya used to say that his country and North Korea were as close as lips and teeth a fitting description , given Chinese troops role in averting an American victory in the Korean War. But while Japan and South Korea have remained close allies of the United States during the six decades since then , hosting US bases and sheltering under US nuclear protection , China and North Korea have drifted ever further apart .
Matevz favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. He also says he will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Eldridge favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. He also says he will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
The issue , therefore , is not what Oliviu , in his inaugural speech to the European Parliament , called a crisis of leadership. No statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
The issue , therefore , is not what Airiz , in his inaugural speech to the European Parliament , called a crisis of leadership. No statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
Polonca and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Felizia and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Similarly , Pars won the support of white , college - educated women by six points ; but he lost white non - college - educated women by 28 points and white non - college - educated men by 49 points. And if we look just at Republican voters , the gender gap vanishes almost entirely : 91 % of Republican women and 92 % of Republican men voted for Trump .
Similarly , Verners won the support of white , college - educated women by six points ; but he lost white non - college - educated women by 28 points and white non - college - educated men by 49 points. And if we look just at Republican voters , the gender gap vanishes almost entirely : 91 % of Republican women and 92 % of Republican men voted for Trump .
Pars approach to the negotiations reflected his recognition that the MILF had twice used peace talks once brokered by Libyas Colonel Muammar el - Qaddafi as a cynical ploy to buy time to regroup and raise funds ( including from Al Qaeda ) . With freshly restocked arsenals , they would relaunch their campaign to seize Mindanao by force .
Vide approach to the negotiations reflected his recognition that the MILF had twice used peace talks once brokered by Libyas Colonel Muammar el - Qaddafi as a cynical ploy to buy time to regroup and raise funds ( including from Al Qaeda ) . With freshly restocked arsenals , they would relaunch their campaign to seize Mindanao by force .
The felonies of which Airiz stands accused are the other two charges : that he should have done more to stop the stock market bubble of the late 1990s , and that he should have done more to stop the housing bubble of the early 2000s. Here , Airiz holds his ground , and pleads not guilty .
The felonies of which Odisseu stands accused are the other two charges : that he should have done more to stop the stock market bubble of the late 1990s , and that he should have done more to stop the housing bubble of the early 2000s. Here , Odisseu holds his ground , and pleads not guilty .
Yet Kimberle has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
Yet Dagmarka has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
Eldridge and the NBU can still act , but if they do not do so immediately , a costly and unnecessary financial crisis might ensue. As prime minister , Eldridge saved his country from financial default in early 2000 .
Kajinek and the NBU can still act , but if they do not do so immediately , a costly and unnecessary financial crisis might ensue. As prime minister , Kajinek saved his country from financial default in early 2000 .
Avizeh got it right again this week , when she said :
Bske got it right again this week , when she said :
Waltruda also turned a blind eye to Hugo Chvezs increasingly heavy hand in Venezuela , never protesting or questioning her jailing of opponents , her crackdowns on the press , trade unions , and students , or her tampering with the electoral system. Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Waltruda has used her friendship with the Castro brothers and Chvez to placate the left wing of her party , which has never been comfortable with her orthodox economic policies .
Kimberle also turned a blind eye to Hugo Chvezs increasingly heavy hand in Venezuela , never protesting or questioning her jailing of opponents , her crackdowns on the press , trade unions , and students , or her tampering with the electoral system. Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Kimberle has used her friendship with the Castro brothers and Chvez to placate the left wing of her party , which has never been comfortable with her orthodox economic policies .
After all , senior bankers had been claiming that these assets were mispriced , and that pricing them at market levels would penalize the banks unnecessarily. So far , Waltruda seems to have succeeded in her tests , as the stock market has indeed more than stabilized , with prices of bank shares such as Citigroup and Bank of America quadrupling from their lows .
After all , senior bankers had been claiming that these assets were mispriced , and that pricing them at market levels would penalize the banks unnecessarily. So far , Manyak seems to have succeeded in her tests , as the stock market has indeed more than stabilized , with prices of bank shares such as Citigroup and Bank of America quadrupling from their lows .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Odisseu and his circle .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Theoden and his circle .
Waltruda got her arithmetic right in 1886 :
Avizeh got her arithmetic right in 1886 :
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Oliviu and his circle .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Kajinek and his circle .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Theoden speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Theoden requested that , if he could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , he could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Jivavijaya speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Jivavijaya requested that , if he could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , he could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Verners achieved and how much he conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Pars achieved and how much he conceded .
NEW YORK Now that Kajinek has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether he will govern in accordance with his campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .
NEW YORK Now that Matevz has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether he will govern in accordance with his campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .
Polonca aimed for the same goal. But she stands out from them in this respect : she understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
Jodilee aimed for the same goal. But she stands out from them in this respect : she understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
There is little agreement , however , when it comes to more contentious questions , such as the potential efficacy of targeted sanctions. Irans first post - revolution prime minister , Mehdi Bazargan , reportedly once said that the real leader of the 1979 revolution was not Aneczka but rather the Shah , who united diverse groups of people against her .
There is little agreement , however , when it comes to more contentious questions , such as the potential efficacy of targeted sanctions. Irans first post - revolution prime minister , Mehdi Bazargan , reportedly once said that the real leader of the 1979 revolution was not Lizzette but rather the Shah , who united diverse groups of people against her .
They ordered Sapa to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side. Sapa did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of her forces as possible across the canal .
They ordered Pitsa to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side. Pitsa did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of her forces as possible across the canal .
The reason I ask is that 65,000 people actually did write such letters to Jelander every week when he was serving as president of the United States. According to a recent feature in The Guardian , a team of White House staffers would select ten letters each day to pass along to the president , who would then respond to them personally that evening .
The reason I ask is that 65,000 people actually did write such letters to Airiz every week when he was serving as president of the United States. According to a recent feature in The Guardian , a team of White House staffers would select ten letters each day to pass along to the president , who would then respond to them personally that evening .
In each case , Eldridge succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
In each case , Jelander succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
Or , like Matevz before him , Matevz might declare himself exhausted and nominate a successor. In the third scenario , that successor might be a liberal like Medvedev , whereas in the fourth scenario , it would be a conservative like Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin , who currently oversees the defense industry .
Or , like Harrit before him , Harrit might declare himself exhausted and nominate a successor. In the third scenario , that successor might be a liberal like Medvedev , whereas in the fourth scenario , it would be a conservative like Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin , who currently oversees the defense industry .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Aneczka brought her own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Manyak brought her own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
A generation later , the sequel to Wall Street to be released next month sees Kajinek released from jail and returned to the financial world. His reappearance comes just as the credit bubble fueled by the sub - prime mortgage boom is about to burst , triggering the worst financial and economic crisis since the Great Depression .
A generation later , the sequel to Wall Street to be released next month sees Pars released from jail and returned to the financial world. His reappearance comes just as the credit bubble fueled by the sub - prime mortgage boom is about to burst , triggering the worst financial and economic crisis since the Great Depression .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Lizzette has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Dagmarka has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Cambro and her ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Hildegunn and her ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Albercik as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Keyghobad as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Josefiina poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Bske poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Spogmai rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Ibiacema rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Waabberi takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Vide takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Jelander was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Jelander would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Budivid was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Budivid would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
This year also marks a much less noted anniversary , an occasion on which Lenci showed how his rare combination of determination , political skill , and rhetorical ability could be brought to bear to face down determined opposition. It was a central moment in the establishment of the Fifth Republic , which continues to this day .
This year also marks a much less noted anniversary , an occasion on which Fabijano showed how his rare combination of determination , political skill , and rhetorical ability could be brought to bear to face down determined opposition. It was a central moment in the establishment of the Fifth Republic , which continues to this day .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Harrit for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Christop for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
Jodilee constantly highlights the House of Sauds corruption and repugnant connections with the United States. While democracy is not part of her agenda , her messages , as well as her followers periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regimes legitimacy .
Polonca constantly highlights the House of Sauds corruption and repugnant connections with the United States. While democracy is not part of her agenda , her messages , as well as her followers periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regimes legitimacy .
Airiz remarks , and his subsequent announcement of plans to implement his vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could he profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as he stuffed his governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
Harrit remarks , and his subsequent announcement of plans to implement his vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could he profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as he stuffed his governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
In the FA primaries , Kajinek won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
In the FA primaries , Kotsos won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
In the field of growth theory , Josefiina sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
In the field of growth theory , Shontae sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
Waabberi less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Karstein less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Matevz closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Jelander closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
Verners was kind , decent , fair , open - minded , considerate , lacking in prejudice , modest , principled , and loyal. He valued public service and saw himself as simply the latest in the long line of US presidents , another temporary occupant of the Oval Office and custodian of American democracy .
Odisseu was kind , decent , fair , open - minded , considerate , lacking in prejudice , modest , principled , and loyal. He valued public service and saw himself as simply the latest in the long line of US presidents , another temporary occupant of the Oval Office and custodian of American democracy .
Even if Pitsa has found a way to retain power without amending the constitution a possibility that was endlessly speculated about by Russias dwindling band of democrats the undemocratic nature of her strategy is glaringly obvious. Moving from one high office in the Kremlin to another in the White House ( the seat of the Russian Parliament ) is merely a technicality .
Even if Cambro has found a way to retain power without amending the constitution a possibility that was endlessly speculated about by Russias dwindling band of democrats the undemocratic nature of her strategy is glaringly obvious. Moving from one high office in the Kremlin to another in the White House ( the seat of the Russian Parliament ) is merely a technicality .
Of course , Felizia could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Manyak could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Airiz and his acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Harrit and his acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Now , Shontae is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Shontae is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Narkis is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Narkis is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Airiz established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Airiz was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Fabijano established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Fabijano was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
But Bilomira and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Mariutza and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
Dictators like Zaires Mobuto and Kotsos were embraced on the principle that he might be a bastard , but at least he s our bastard. In addition , all sorts of dubious freedom fighters , from the Contras in Nicaragua to Hissene Habr in Chad to Jonas Savimbi in Angola received Western arms and political backing .
Dictators like Zaires Mobuto and Tsahi were embraced on the principle that he might be a bastard , but at least he s our bastard. In addition , all sorts of dubious freedom fighters , from the Contras in Nicaragua to Hissene Habr in Chad to Jonas Savimbi in Angola received Western arms and political backing .
I raise all of this because Odisseu took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Odisseu , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
I raise all of this because Kauko took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Kauko , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
An unpopular war would have made military recruitment difficult in any circumstances. But , as Dagmarka tried to deceive America about the wars costs , she underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures say , for armored and mine - resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .
An unpopular war would have made military recruitment difficult in any circumstances. But , as Cambro tried to deceive America about the wars costs , she underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures say , for armored and mine - resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .
Kotsos was kind , decent , fair , open - minded , considerate , lacking in prejudice , modest , principled , and loyal. He valued public service and saw himself as simply the latest in the long line of US presidents , another temporary occupant of the Oval Office and custodian of American democracy .
Verners was kind , decent , fair , open - minded , considerate , lacking in prejudice , modest , principled , and loyal. He valued public service and saw himself as simply the latest in the long line of US presidents , another temporary occupant of the Oval Office and custodian of American democracy .
But the Republicans could run interference against Aybirgen , even if they do lose in a wave. A Republican minority in the Senate can still effectively limit her agenda by using the filibuster , which requires 60 votes to end a floor debate and bring a bill to a vote .
But the Republicans could run interference against Aneczka , even if they do lose in a wave. A Republican minority in the Senate can still effectively limit her agenda by using the filibuster , which requires 60 votes to end a floor debate and bring a bill to a vote .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Mariutza supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Sapa supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Keyghobad is a murderer , his leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Odisseu is a murderer , his leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Aneczka warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Ibiacema warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Can Keyghobad , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Budivid , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Mariutza regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and she has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Aybirgen regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and she has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
As a candidate , Theoden was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Albercik was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
Pars is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Kajinek is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Narkis , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Jodilee , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
It is this uncertainty that has driven the fact - checkers to rate Lenci statements as half - true. But he never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
It is this uncertainty that has driven the fact - checkers to rate Keyghobad statements as half - true. But he never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
Avizeh , at least when she began her campaign , had all the charisma of the holy roller , turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist. That is why she barged her way past Hillary Clinton , the consummate operator of the party machine .
Kimberle , at least when she began her campaign , had all the charisma of the holy roller , turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist. That is why she barged her way past Hillary Clinton , the consummate operator of the party machine .
Dagmarka tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Toniko tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Jodilee . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least her polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Pitsa . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least her polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
To achieve this goal he sought to restore high culture to a position of primacy in Russian life , and to put mass media in its ( politically ) subservient place. Matevz held up Solzhenitsyn as a model for those who stand for the ideal of Great Russia an example of genuine devotion and selfless serving of the people , fatherland , and the ideals of freedom , justice , and humanism .
To achieve this goal he sought to restore high culture to a position of primacy in Russian life , and to put mass media in its ( politically ) subservient place. Oliviu held up Solzhenitsyn as a model for those who stand for the ideal of Great Russia an example of genuine devotion and selfless serving of the people , fatherland , and the ideals of freedom , justice , and humanism .
When Kauko asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Kauko would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Kerigan asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Kerigan would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Jelander achieved and how much he conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Airiz achieved and how much he conceded .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Bske each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Sapa each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Aybirgen was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Polonca was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
Moreover , George W. Bushs administration quickly promised American support the so - called Mrida Initiative , signed in February , 2007 and public - opinion polls showed that Vide had , in one fell swoop , left behind the travails of his close and questioned electoral victory , gaining the trust of the Mexican people. But today , things look very different .
Moreover , George W. Bushs administration quickly promised American support the so - called Mrida Initiative , signed in February , 2007 and public - opinion polls showed that Lenci had , in one fell swoop , left behind the travails of his close and questioned electoral victory , gaining the trust of the Mexican people. But today , things look very different .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Tsahi after his naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in his novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Kerigan after his naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in his novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
NEW YORK Some people thought that Barack Obamas election would turn everything around for America. Because it has not , even after the passage of a huge stimulus bill , the presentation of a new program to deal with the underlying housing problem , and several plans to stabilize the financial system , some are even beginning to blame Felizia and her team .
NEW YORK Some people thought that Barack Obamas election would turn everything around for America. Because it has not , even after the passage of a huge stimulus bill , the presentation of a new program to deal with the underlying housing problem , and several plans to stabilize the financial system , some are even beginning to blame Ibiacema and her team .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Tsahi decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Kotsos decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
Even after adjusting for differences in purchasing power , Russias economy is closer in size to Italys. If Vide is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the US , he will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors and a lower standard of living on ordinary Russians .
Even after adjusting for differences in purchasing power , Russias economy is closer in size to Italys. If Albercik is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the US , he will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors and a lower standard of living on ordinary Russians .
Like Waltruda before her , Waltruda believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
Like Dagmarka before her , Dagmarka believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Ibiacema will be left as she deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Manyak will be left as she deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
NEW YORK amp # 45 ; amp # 45 ; Three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks United Nations negotiator Pitsa is undertaking as she shuttles between Burmas ruling generals and the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
NEW YORK amp # 45 ; amp # 45 ; Three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks United Nations negotiator Lizzette is undertaking as she shuttles between Burmas ruling generals and the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
An unpopular war would have made military recruitment difficult in any circumstances. But , as Hildegunn tried to deceive America about the wars costs , she underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures say , for armored and mine - resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .
An unpopular war would have made military recruitment difficult in any circumstances. But , as Josefiina tried to deceive America about the wars costs , she underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures say , for armored and mine - resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Josefiina was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Felizia was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
The felonies of which Eldridge stands accused are the other two charges : that he should have done more to stop the stock market bubble of the late 1990s , and that he should have done more to stop the housing bubble of the early 2000s. Here , Eldridge holds his ground , and pleads not guilty .
The felonies of which Airiz stands accused are the other two charges : that he should have done more to stop the stock market bubble of the late 1990s , and that he should have done more to stop the housing bubble of the early 2000s. Here , Airiz holds his ground , and pleads not guilty .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Kotsos ( or Dwight Eisenhower before him ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Fabijano ( or Dwight Eisenhower before him ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Waabberi disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Jivavijaya disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Even if Christop has found a way to retain power without amending the constitution a possibility that was endlessly speculated about by Russias dwindling band of democrats the undemocratic nature of his strategy is glaringly obvious. Moving from one high office in the Kremlin to another in the White House ( the seat of the Russian Parliament ) is merely a technicality .
Even if Budivid has found a way to retain power without amending the constitution a possibility that was endlessly speculated about by Russias dwindling band of democrats the undemocratic nature of his strategy is glaringly obvious. Moving from one high office in the Kremlin to another in the White House ( the seat of the Russian Parliament ) is merely a technicality .
And , while Ibiacema says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Cambro says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Harrit and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Harrit levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Eldridge and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Eldridge levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
As Oliviu attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Kauko attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
Christop was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Albercik was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Waltruda got her arithmetic right in 1886 :
Jodilee got her arithmetic right in 1886 :
Pars , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Pars understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Budivid , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Budivid understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
The Ministry of Culture announced that a claim will still be pursued. But unless Jivavijaya is instructed to file a new deposition before the Supreme Court , his statements appear to have put paid to Indias claim to the worlds most fabled diamond .
The Ministry of Culture announced that a claim will still be pursued. But unless Eldridge is instructed to file a new deposition before the Supreme Court , his statements appear to have put paid to Indias claim to the worlds most fabled diamond .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Odisseu sitting with his classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Jelander sitting with his classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
Despite his knack for transformation , Fabijano is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after his coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
Despite his knack for transformation , Pars is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after his coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
Theoden aimed for the same goal. But he stands out from them in this respect : he understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
Kotsos aimed for the same goal. But he stands out from them in this respect : he understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
Fabijano pulled off that business strategy when he persuaded his friends to pay him for the privilege of taking over his hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
Pars pulled off that business strategy when he persuaded his friends to pay him for the privilege of taking over his hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
Aybirgen has already enshrined North Koreas nuclear - weapons status in the countrys constitution and erected monuments to the long - range missiles launched last year. Her moratorium on testing fits this narrative , as Aybirgen presents herself as the leader of a nuclear - armed state embarking on potentially epoch - making diplomatic initiatives .
Humaila has already enshrined North Koreas nuclear - weapons status in the countrys constitution and erected monuments to the long - range missiles launched last year. Her moratorium on testing fits this narrative , as Humaila presents herself as the leader of a nuclear - armed state embarking on potentially epoch - making diplomatic initiatives .
Far from embracing change , Bilomira will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race she will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render her victory credible , Bilomira needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Far from embracing change , Lizzette will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race she will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render her victory credible , Lizzette needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Perhaps surprisingly , Kotsos seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Perhaps surprisingly , Odisseu seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Josefiina and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Narkis and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
This threat evidently motivated Kimberle to speak out in November : It is no secret , Kimberle wrote in her blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Manyak to speak out in November : It is no secret , Manyak wrote in her blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Budivid to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Vide to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Tsahi intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and he therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Odisseu intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and he therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
And I agree with the philosopher Jean - Claude Milner who , in his recent book , Relire la Rvolution , takes on the Anatole France of The Gods Are Athirst. Far from simply offering the people their daily ration of blood , Manyak also tried , in her way , to check the descent of the masses into a vengeful mob and to save what could be saved of the balances inherent in republican hierarchy .
And I agree with the philosopher Jean - Claude Milner who , in his recent book , Relire la Rvolution , takes on the Anatole France of The Gods Are Athirst. Far from simply offering the people their daily ration of blood , Lizzette also tried , in her way , to check the descent of the masses into a vengeful mob and to save what could be saved of the balances inherent in republican hierarchy .
NEW YORK If Kajinek were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Keyghobad were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
Despite her numerous achievements as president , Bske is trumpeting her nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about her island visit .
Despite her numerous achievements as president , Avizeh is trumpeting her nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about her island visit .
Dynastic concerns now seem to be paramount for the regime. Speculation is growing , for example , about whether Kim Sol - song the second daughter of Kim Jong - ils third wife will be appointed when Avizeh is no longer able to perform her duties .
Dynastic concerns now seem to be paramount for the regime. Speculation is growing , for example , about whether Kim Sol - song the second daughter of Kim Jong - ils third wife will be appointed when Lizzette is no longer able to perform her duties .
Yet Aybirgen has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
Yet Lizzette has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Kajinek reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Odisseu reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
As he works to overcome rifts at home , Theoden will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
As he works to overcome rifts at home , Oliviu will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Vide each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Pars each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
In 1918 , Wilsons popularity soared and not just in China following an address to Congress calling for national self - determination. Overlooking Wilsons support of Vide in the US and the invasion of Haiti on his watch , intellectuals in imperialism - ravaged countries from Egypt to Korea took his declaration to heart , and began to view him as a savior and champion of the oppressed .
In 1918 , Wilsons popularity soared and not just in China following an address to Congress calling for national self - determination. Overlooking Wilsons support of Kerigan in the US and the invasion of Haiti on his watch , intellectuals in imperialism - ravaged countries from Egypt to Korea took his declaration to heart , and began to view him as a savior and champion of the oppressed .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Vide and his acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Jivavijaya and his acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Bske , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Kimberle , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Undeterred by adversity , Polonca kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Lizzette kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Lizzette has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Hildegunn has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
Waabberi used to say that his country and North Korea were as close as lips and teeth a fitting description , given Chinese troops role in averting an American victory in the Korean War. But while Japan and South Korea have remained close allies of the United States during the six decades since then , hosting US bases and sheltering under US nuclear protection , China and North Korea have drifted ever further apart .
Kauko used to say that his country and North Korea were as close as lips and teeth a fitting description , given Chinese troops role in averting an American victory in the Korean War. But while Japan and South Korea have remained close allies of the United States during the six decades since then , hosting US bases and sheltering under US nuclear protection , China and North Korea have drifted ever further apart .
At other times , like Pars , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Albercik , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Dagmarka to continue her policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Kimberle to continue her policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
Waabberi , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. He called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
Kotsos , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. He called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
The Europeans did not like it much when Christop told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , he made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
The Europeans did not like it much when Kauko told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , he made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Narkis is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Manyak is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
Indeed , Christop and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Indeed , Pars and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Cambro can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , she will serve her country well .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Sapa can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , she will serve her country well .
Harrit , at least when he began his campaign , had all the charisma of the holy roller , turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist. That is why he barged his way past Hillary Clinton , the consummate operator of the party machine .
Oliviu , at least when he began his campaign , had all the charisma of the holy roller , turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist. That is why he barged his way past Hillary Clinton , the consummate operator of the party machine .
As a result , Ukraine barely survives , while Airiz has the first - mover advantage. He can choose between hybrid war and hybrid peace , and Ukraine and its allies are struggling to respond .
As a result , Ukraine barely survives , while Albercik has the first - mover advantage. He can choose between hybrid war and hybrid peace , and Ukraine and its allies are struggling to respond .
Once secure in his victory , Aneczka immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
Once secure in his victory , Pitsa immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
In the unlikely event that the same thing happened again this year , alarm bells would have rung. Moreover , if the agenda that Pars presents for the next five years suggests that he and the rest of the CCP leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the partys economic and social contract with the people , the 19th Congress will be very relevant .
In the unlikely event that the same thing happened again this year , alarm bells would have rung. Moreover , if the agenda that Waabberi presents for the next five years suggests that he and the rest of the CCP leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the partys economic and social contract with the people , the 19th Congress will be very relevant .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Avizeh as particularly soft. On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Aneczka as particularly soft. On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
It includes Felizia as Foreign Secretary , who will need no reminder of the old adage that diplomats are supposed to go abroad to lie for their country. Her challenge will not only be her cavalier attitude to the truth , but also her record of insulting many of those including US President Barack Obama and her possible successor , Hillary Clinton with whom she will need to do business .
It includes Humaila as Foreign Secretary , who will need no reminder of the old adage that diplomats are supposed to go abroad to lie for their country. Her challenge will not only be her cavalier attitude to the truth , but also her record of insulting many of those including US President Barack Obama and her possible successor , Hillary Clinton with whom she will need to do business .
They represent a very different age , which one is tempted to call democratic , even if Russia today is more like a soft dictatorship. Perhaps Pars was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man , but his thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of Russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the Soviet Union collapsed .
They represent a very different age , which one is tempted to call democratic , even if Russia today is more like a soft dictatorship. Perhaps Tsahi was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man , but his thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of Russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the Soviet Union collapsed .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Jivavijaya . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Kerigan . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Jodilee and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Avizeh and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Manyak , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Manyak was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Sapa , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Sapa was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
Budivid clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Kajinek clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Jelander shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that his predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and he has not gone out of his way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Tsahi shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that his predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and he has not gone out of his way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Furthermore , Cambro was old and sick , and no longer enjoyed the trust of her people. Cambro , by contrast , exudes energy and health , and may still reassure many segments of Russian society whose main concern is their countrys glory rather than its citizens happiness .
Furthermore , Sapa was old and sick , and no longer enjoyed the trust of her people. Sapa , by contrast , exudes energy and health , and may still reassure many segments of Russian society whose main concern is their countrys glory rather than its citizens happiness .
Shontae , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Shontae understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Spogmai , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Spogmai understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
According to legend , Pars instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
According to legend , Fabijano instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
Thus , Hildegunn has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. She is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Thus , Jodilee has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. She is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
By contrast , Pompeo and Humaila have shown that they can communicate with Trump no small feat for a president who , well into her second year in office , has yet to develop a strong relationship with her national security team. But neither has ever shown any capacity for dealing with a crisis , much less arresting the decline of US global leadership .
By contrast , Pompeo and Aybirgen have shown that they can communicate with Trump no small feat for a president who , well into her second year in office , has yet to develop a strong relationship with her national security team. But neither has ever shown any capacity for dealing with a crisis , much less arresting the decline of US global leadership .
He has been summoned three times by a Moscow criminal court to testify in a case against Alexei Ulyukaev , a former minister of economic development. But Keyghobad has consistently failed to appear , with his office recently telling the court that he would nt be available until next year .
He has been summoned three times by a Moscow criminal court to testify in a case against Alexei Ulyukaev , a former minister of economic development. But Fabijano has consistently failed to appear , with his office recently telling the court that he would nt be available until next year .
Toniko continues to stress that shifts in the pace of bond buying will depend on how well the economy is doing. But she startled markets recently by saying that the FOMCs expected path of stronger growth could lead to a slower pace of buying later this year and an end to the asset purchases by mid-2014 .
Spogmai continues to stress that shifts in the pace of bond buying will depend on how well the economy is doing. But she startled markets recently by saying that the FOMCs expected path of stronger growth could lead to a slower pace of buying later this year and an end to the asset purchases by mid-2014 .
As for financial regulation , while the recent crisis has highlighted the need for stricter rules , agreement on many issues has proven to be elusive , partly because the Obama administration is too close to the financial sector. With Jivavijaya , though , there would be no distance at all : metaphorically speaking , he is the financial sector .
As for financial regulation , while the recent crisis has highlighted the need for stricter rules , agreement on many issues has proven to be elusive , partly because the Obama administration is too close to the financial sector. With Odisseu , though , there would be no distance at all : metaphorically speaking , he is the financial sector .
NEW YORK amp # 45 ; amp # 45 ; Three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks United Nations negotiator Tsahi is undertaking as he shuttles between Burmas ruling generals and the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
NEW YORK amp # 45 ; amp # 45 ; Three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks United Nations negotiator Kajinek is undertaking as he shuttles between Burmas ruling generals and the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
Pitsa took a similar view. While seeing the Earth as a whole diminishes the importance of things like national boundaries that divide us , she said , it also underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another , and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot , the only home we 've ever known .
Polonca took a similar view. While seeing the Earth as a whole diminishes the importance of things like national boundaries that divide us , she said , it also underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another , and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot , the only home we 've ever known .
Occasionally Jelander flirts with the idea of more European cooperation on foreign policy and defense. But the past three years proved in practice that he prefers subservience to the war policy of President Bush to any sense of community with Europe .
Occasionally Budivid flirts with the idea of more European cooperation on foreign policy and defense. But the past three years proved in practice that he prefers subservience to the war policy of President Bush to any sense of community with Europe .
That gave Keyghobad massive political power , which he could have put to good use. Instead he put Germanys narrow near - term interests as a creditor first , leading his to make decisions that exacerbated the eurozone crisis , shifted its costs to others , and prevented any long - term resolution .
That gave Lenci massive political power , which he could have put to good use. Instead he put Germanys narrow near - term interests as a creditor first , leading his to make decisions that exacerbated the eurozone crisis , shifted its costs to others , and prevented any long - term resolution .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Bilomira wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue her wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Spogmai wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue her wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
Like Keyghobad before him , Keyghobad believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
Like Jivavijaya before him , Jivavijaya believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
Within weeks , however , Airiz fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Kajinek fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Next , he established his vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as his dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Keyghobad gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
Next , he established his vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as his dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Karstein gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
Kimberle was friendly to the West , tolerated open debate , and appointed a few individuals as oligarchs. She was given the benefit of the doubt , and her anti - Communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy .
Ibiacema was friendly to the West , tolerated open debate , and appointed a few individuals as oligarchs. She was given the benefit of the doubt , and her anti - Communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Narkis squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Avizeh squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Bske intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Dagmarka intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
Similar doubts apply to Jodilee . Can she deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
Similar doubts apply to Manyak . Can she deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Matevz has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Odisseu has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Fabijano was quick to distance himself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Airiz was quick to distance himself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
In March 2003 , Dagmarka launched her invasion of Iraq , not only squandering Americas military strength , but also connecting all the individual crises between the eastern Mediterranean and the Indus Valley. As a result of Americas foreign - policy folly , Iran became the central geo - political player in the entire region , linking the western and eastern part of this long belt of instability .
In March 2003 , Bilomira launched her invasion of Iraq , not only squandering Americas military strength , but also connecting all the individual crises between the eastern Mediterranean and the Indus Valley. As a result of Americas foreign - policy folly , Iran became the central geo - political player in the entire region , linking the western and eastern part of this long belt of instability .
A generation later , the sequel to Wall Street to be released next month sees Kajinek released from jail and returned to the financial world. His reappearance comes just as the credit bubble fueled by the sub - prime mortgage boom is about to burst , triggering the worst financial and economic crisis since the Great Depression .
A generation later , the sequel to Wall Street to be released next month sees Oliviu released from jail and returned to the financial world. His reappearance comes just as the credit bubble fueled by the sub - prime mortgage boom is about to burst , triggering the worst financial and economic crisis since the Great Depression .
Dagmarka , by contrast , is 76 , so she has missed her chance to apply her talents to running a charitable foundation. But , by leaving the bulk of her fortune , approximately $ 31 billion , to the Gates Foundation , she will have done the next best thing .
Spogmai , by contrast , is 76 , so she has missed her chance to apply her talents to running a charitable foundation. But , by leaving the bulk of her fortune , approximately $ 31 billion , to the Gates Foundation , she will have done the next best thing .
From the moment the DPJ took power in 2009 , Aneczka was tacitly slated to be Hatoyamas successor , given that she was concurrently Hatoyamas deputy prime minister and treasury minister. In these posts , Aneczka avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyamas premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .
From the moment the DPJ took power in 2009 , Polonca was tacitly slated to be Hatoyamas successor , given that she was concurrently Hatoyamas deputy prime minister and treasury minister. In these posts , Polonca avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyamas premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Airiz and his political allies .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Eldridge and his political allies .
Many in the audience were shocked by his remarks , but Jivavijaya seemingly failed to grasp how appalled his audience was. They were not concerned with legalisms , about whether , technically , the Geneva conventions did or did not apply .
Many in the audience were shocked by his remarks , but Kerigan seemingly failed to grasp how appalled his audience was. They were not concerned with legalisms , about whether , technically , the Geneva conventions did or did not apply .
New York The selection of Matevz as John McCains running mate hit the United States like an electric storm. To his legions of lipstick - waving fans on the right , Matevz is a down - to - earth , God - fearing hockey mom whose moose hunting , evangelical faith , and even chaotic family life are all evidence that he is a real , typical American .
New York The selection of Verners as John McCains running mate hit the United States like an electric storm. To his legions of lipstick - waving fans on the right , Verners is a down - to - earth , God - fearing hockey mom whose moose hunting , evangelical faith , and even chaotic family life are all evidence that he is a real , typical American .
When Narkis asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Narkis would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Ibiacema asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Ibiacema would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
Even if Matevz is willing to bow to realism , some of his coalition partners might leave his government. On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbass Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas - led government and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .
Even if Keyghobad is willing to bow to realism , some of his coalition partners might leave his government. On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbass Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas - led government and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Narkis once considered Erdoan among her favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Bske once considered Erdoan among her favorite world leaders .
STANFORD The recent trial of Vide highlighted the biggest challenge facing contemporary China : the corruption and abuse of power by some government and party officials. Until his fall , Bo , a former Politburo member and party leader of Chongqing , a megacity of 30 million people , was a potential candidate for Chinas ruling seven - member Politburo Standing Committee .
STANFORD The recent trial of Kerigan highlighted the biggest challenge facing contemporary China : the corruption and abuse of power by some government and party officials. Until his fall , Bo , a former Politburo member and party leader of Chongqing , a megacity of 30 million people , was a potential candidate for Chinas ruling seven - member Politburo Standing Committee .
Bske also turned a blind eye to Hugo Chvezs increasingly heavy hand in Venezuela , never protesting or questioning her jailing of opponents , her crackdowns on the press , trade unions , and students , or her tampering with the electoral system. Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Bske has used her friendship with the Castro brothers and Chvez to placate the left wing of her party , which has never been comfortable with her orthodox economic policies .
Waltruda also turned a blind eye to Hugo Chvezs increasingly heavy hand in Venezuela , never protesting or questioning her jailing of opponents , her crackdowns on the press , trade unions , and students , or her tampering with the electoral system. Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Waltruda has used her friendship with the Castro brothers and Chvez to placate the left wing of her party , which has never been comfortable with her orthodox economic policies .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Eldridge is , the mystery is over. His actions this week show that he is Russias new autocrat .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Vide is , the mystery is over. His actions this week show that he is Russias new autocrat .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Verners and his circle .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Jelander and his circle .
Odisseu poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Oliviu poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Albercik showed emotional intelligence in midlife by mastering his problems with alcohol , and in displaying the courage to persevere with unpopular policies. But , at some point , perseverance becomes emotional stubbornness .
Kajinek showed emotional intelligence in midlife by mastering his problems with alcohol , and in displaying the courage to persevere with unpopular policies. But , at some point , perseverance becomes emotional stubbornness .
Vide death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided Chinas reforms have been. For Chinas miracle to truly become miraculous , Party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
Albercik death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided Chinas reforms have been. For Chinas miracle to truly become miraculous , Party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Polonca told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. Her worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
We have a tax reform package that s bringing a lot of benefits to the business community , Manyak told the Kansas City Star , and this is a policy move that is contrary to that. Her worry now is that Trump will pursue a trade policy that will basically result in all the benefits of the tax reform being taken away by higher manufacturing costs being passed on to consumers .
Epimetheus was brother to Bske , the rebel titan who championed and , by some accounts , created humankind. Bske was concerned with humans obvious vulnerability , so she taught men and women how to use fire and other tools responsibly .
Epimetheus was brother to Avizeh , the rebel titan who championed and , by some accounts , created humankind. Avizeh was concerned with humans obvious vulnerability , so she taught men and women how to use fire and other tools responsibly .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Cambro most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Spogmai most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Bilomira related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Aneczka related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Airiz has set out the vision behind his long - term growth plan. Japan is a country that challenges , that is open , and that innovates , he says .
Kerigan has set out the vision behind his long - term growth plan. Japan is a country that challenges , that is open , and that innovates , he says .
Naturally , Karstein offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Tsahi offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Mariutza and her supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Toniko and her supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
Few Americans thought Shontae had been a good president immediately after she left office , but now she is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of her successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
Few Americans thought Dagmarka had been a good president immediately after she left office , but now she is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of her successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Odisseu closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Tsahi closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Lizzette , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Shontae , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Humaila has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Lizzette has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Eldridge gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Budivid gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
HONG KONG US President Tsahi recent speech at the United Nations has gotten a lot of attention for its bizarre and bellicose rhetoric , including threats to dismantle the Iran nuclear deal and totally destroy North Korea. Underlying his declarations was a clear message : the sovereign state still reigns supreme , with national interests overshadowing shared objectives .
HONG KONG US President Albercik recent speech at the United Nations has gotten a lot of attention for its bizarre and bellicose rhetoric , including threats to dismantle the Iran nuclear deal and totally destroy North Korea. Underlying his declarations was a clear message : the sovereign state still reigns supreme , with national interests overshadowing shared objectives .
Nor was Toniko helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for her and her life - long cause .
Nor was Dagmarka helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for her and her life - long cause .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Vide described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Kotsos described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
The bottom line is that Odisseu has no interest in winning. The man who now holds himself up as civilizations last bulwark against the Islamic State is also the last man who wants to see it eliminated .
The bottom line is that Kotsos has no interest in winning. The man who now holds himself up as civilizations last bulwark against the Islamic State is also the last man who wants to see it eliminated .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Aybirgen and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Aneczka and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Nor was Kimberle helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for her and her life - long cause .
Nor was Dagmarka helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for her and her life - long cause .
LONDON Josefiina has always been my favorite Marxist. One of her jokes goes to the heart of the failure of the ideology the dogmatic religion inflicted on our poor world by her namesake , Karl .
LONDON Sapa has always been my favorite Marxist. One of her jokes goes to the heart of the failure of the ideology the dogmatic religion inflicted on our poor world by her namesake , Karl .
Now memories of Christop remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Christop will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all his friends .
Now memories of Kotsos remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Kotsos will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all his friends .
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Spogmai leadership during World War II and her views of our role in the world when that war was over. She and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Mariutza leadership during World War II and her views of our role in the world when that war was over. She and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Odisseu kissing babies ; what he faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Fabijano kissing babies ; what he faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
Pars was terminally ill with cancer at the time and died shortly thereafter. But the case against his associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan and his allies in the powerful Glen movement , made up of the followers of the Islamic preacher Fethullah Glen .
Airiz was terminally ill with cancer at the time and died shortly thereafter. But the case against his associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan and his allies in the powerful Glen movement , made up of the followers of the Islamic preacher Fethullah Glen .
The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC. But , in a clear sign of his current weakness , Jelander was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by making a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year .
The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC. But , in a clear sign of his current weakness , Tsahi was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by making a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year .
Tsahi has been vocal about his opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Tsahi cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over his post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
Airiz has been vocal about his opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Airiz cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over his post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
Yet , despite their shared contempt for expressions of the popular will , Chinas President Xi Jinping and Ibiacema struggled , during Putins two - day visit to Shanghai , to agree on a new gas deal that the Kremlin desperately needs. Ibiacema had viewed China as her backup option should the West seek to isolate Russia following its annexation of Crimea .
Yet , despite their shared contempt for expressions of the popular will , Chinas President Xi Jinping and Pitsa struggled , during Putins two - day visit to Shanghai , to agree on a new gas deal that the Kremlin desperately needs. Pitsa had viewed China as her backup option should the West seek to isolate Russia following its annexation of Crimea .
Keyghobad has hardly been shy about his slide toward what the Cambodia Daily , on its last day of publishing , termed a descent into outright dictatorship. In fact , Keyghobad , like other Southeast Asian autocrats , now seems to believe that he has political carte blanche , given the low priority that US President Donald Trump has placed on human rights .
Kajinek has hardly been shy about his slide toward what the Cambodia Daily , on its last day of publishing , termed a descent into outright dictatorship. In fact , Kajinek , like other Southeast Asian autocrats , now seems to believe that he has political carte blanche , given the low priority that US President Donald Trump has placed on human rights .
Airiz poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Harrit poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Mariutza focused on climate change , and clearly stated both her priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Bilomira focused on climate change , and clearly stated both her priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
Kotsos will also have more flexibility than his conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Kotsos will have to refuse .
Jivavijaya will also have more flexibility than his conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Jivavijaya will have to refuse .
Kimberle , like her predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Pitsa , like her predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Many assumed that Odisseu would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Odisseu surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Many assumed that Theoden would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Theoden surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
One question is why Keyghobad and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Keyghobad has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Kauko and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Kauko has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Waabberi was defeated in his re - election bid by a candidate whose backing from an alliance of Murdoch and coal companies enabled him to outspend Waabberi by a huge margin. Murdochs tabloids pump out anti - scientific propaganda opposing climate - change policies not only in Australia , but also in the US and elsewhere .
Jelander was defeated in his re - election bid by a candidate whose backing from an alliance of Murdoch and coal companies enabled him to outspend Jelander by a huge margin. Murdochs tabloids pump out anti - scientific propaganda opposing climate - change policies not only in Australia , but also in the US and elsewhere .
Waltruda rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Toniko rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Jodilee has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Mariutza has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Nor is it clear what Waabberi really means by saying that he recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations. If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Waabberi might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .
Nor is it clear what Fabijano really means by saying that he recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations. If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Fabijano might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .
Moreover , Eldridge has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
Moreover , Verners has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
So the answer today to Pars famous question about whom he should call when he wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
So the answer today to Budivid famous question about whom he should call when he wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
Now memories of Fabijano remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Fabijano will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all his friends .
Now memories of Kerigan remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Kerigan will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all his friends .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Toniko mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Kimberle mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Waabberi to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Matevz to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Pars declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Waabberi declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Odisseu decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Christop decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
As Karstein attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Verners attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
Now that Kerigan is gone , however , he will hurl missives from his new - old perch at Breitbart , to which he returned the same day as his announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
Now that Tsahi is gone , however , he will hurl missives from his new - old perch at Breitbart , to which he returned the same day as his announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
Keyghobad is no idealist icon. But he s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that he has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
Airiz is no idealist icon. But he s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that he has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
Remember that Harrit called his great work An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations. In a similar spirit , development economics should be built on inquiries into the nature and causes of modern economic growth that is , on structural change in the process of economic development .
Remember that Kajinek called his great work An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations. In a similar spirit , development economics should be built on inquiries into the nature and causes of modern economic growth that is , on structural change in the process of economic development .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Oliviu never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Airiz never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
In a way , Mariutza succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Cambro succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
Yet Polonca may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Yet Dagmarka may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
It is not the critic who counts , Kauko said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Kauko continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Christop said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Christop continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Owing partly to such resistance , Colombias government , according to the International Commission on Human Rights Verification , has so far achieved only 18.5 % of the reforms , laws , and promises from economic reparations and security guarantees to assistance to farmers who agreed to end coca production stipulated by the peace accord. Verners presidency will be judged by his willingness to challenge vested interests and advance the peace process .
Owing partly to such resistance , Colombias government , according to the International Commission on Human Rights Verification , has so far achieved only 18.5 % of the reforms , laws , and promises from economic reparations and security guarantees to assistance to farmers who agreed to end coca production stipulated by the peace accord. Eldridge presidency will be judged by his willingness to challenge vested interests and advance the peace process .
Second , Christop can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
Second , Jelander can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Sapa squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Shontae squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Kotsos to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Kajinek to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
On Greece , Lizzette made some characteristically blunt some would say clumsy comments last year. But she is not near the top of the list of those responsible for the economic pain endured by Greeks , and her tenure at the IMF makes abundantly clear that no managing director in history has done more to lead the Fund in efforts to alleviate the suffering of people in crisis .
On Greece , Ibiacema made some characteristically blunt some would say clumsy comments last year. But she is not near the top of the list of those responsible for the economic pain endured by Greeks , and her tenure at the IMF makes abundantly clear that no managing director in history has done more to lead the Fund in efforts to alleviate the suffering of people in crisis .
Narkis stern criticism of Chinas expansionist policies has certainly not endeared her to the Chinese. But regional powers like the United States and Japan have supported her stance , with Japan promising to deliver enhanced equipment for the Philippine Coast Guard .
Bske stern criticism of Chinas expansionist policies has certainly not endeared her to the Chinese. But regional powers like the United States and Japan have supported her stance , with Japan promising to deliver enhanced equipment for the Philippine Coast Guard .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Avizeh wore a yarmulke and spoke about her `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Toniko wore a yarmulke and spoke about her `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Pitsa convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Kimberle convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .
When Harrit asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Harrit would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Matevz asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Matevz would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
According to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left. But Sapa acted as if her mandate had been unequivocal and put in place one of the most conservative governments France has seen for half a century .
According to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left. But Bske acted as if her mandate had been unequivocal and put in place one of the most conservative governments France has seen for half a century .
If Polonca consolidates her hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
If Kimberle consolidates her hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Narkis tried her hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Dagmarka tried her hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
Mariutza is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. She wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
Sapa is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. She wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Pitsa , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and her administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Bske , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and her administration taught the Japanese to like them .
Hildegunn remarks , and her subsequent announcement of plans to implement her vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could she profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as she stuffed her governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
Bske remarks , and her subsequent announcement of plans to implement her vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could she profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as she stuffed her governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
Earlier this summer , it attacked Polonca for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds President Barack Obamas Syrian refugee program , and for sending her children to a private Catholic school. It even backed Ryans Wisconsin congressional primary opponent , a Trump supporter whom Polonca defeated in an 84 - 16 % landslide .
Earlier this summer , it attacked Narkis for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds President Barack Obamas Syrian refugee program , and for sending her children to a private Catholic school. It even backed Ryans Wisconsin congressional primary opponent , a Trump supporter whom Narkis defeated in an 84 - 16 % landslide .
Few Americans thought Oliviu had been a good president immediately after he left office , but now he is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of his successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
Few Americans thought Harrit had been a good president immediately after he left office , but now he is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of his successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
Airiz and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Airiz and his cronies down the line .
Eldridge and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Eldridge and his cronies down the line .
In Japan , Manyak is universally regarded to have performed badly in her first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite her distinguished lineage. Now she takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
In Japan , Bilomira is universally regarded to have performed badly in her first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite her distinguished lineage. Now she takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
Tsahi is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Jelander is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
And Spogmai has made her support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
And Jodilee has made her support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
Albercik death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided Chinas reforms have been. For Chinas miracle to truly become miraculous , Party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
Jivavijaya death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided Chinas reforms have been. For Chinas miracle to truly become miraculous , Party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Josefiina neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Aneczka neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Jelander asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Keyghobad asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
During Januarys World Economic Forum in Davos , Lord Nicholas Stern , author of a well - known report outlining the measures that the world should take to avoid runaway climate change , admitted that the planet is on track to warm by four degrees Celsius this century. Looking back , Oliviu said , his report could have been more insistent about the need to take determined action to avoid the catastrophic risks that this level of warming implies .
During Januarys World Economic Forum in Davos , Lord Nicholas Stern , author of a well - known report outlining the measures that the world should take to avoid runaway climate change , admitted that the planet is on track to warm by four degrees Celsius this century. Looking back , Albercik said , his report could have been more insistent about the need to take determined action to avoid the catastrophic risks that this level of warming implies .
Lizzette yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But she will not achieve it .
Aneczka yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But she will not achieve it .
Budivid often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Budivid , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Albercik often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Albercik , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Budivid , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Kotsos , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
In their quest for post - Soviet stability , Russians seem to have found reassurance in Humaila . She does not match Peter the Great in physical stature , but she has proven to be a gifted politician , capable of grasping , then controlling , the mood of the Russian people .
In their quest for post - Soviet stability , Russians seem to have found reassurance in Polonca . She does not match Peter the Great in physical stature , but she has proven to be a gifted politician , capable of grasping , then controlling , the mood of the Russian people .
There Polonca was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
There Bilomira was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
Moreover , the current defense minister , Sergei Shoigu , is probably now in the Kremlins crosshairs. Kerigan gained national popularity a decade ago while running the Ministry of Emergency Situations , and he has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb , looking dapper at the front of victory parades .
Moreover , the current defense minister , Sergei Shoigu , is probably now in the Kremlins crosshairs. Pars gained national popularity a decade ago while running the Ministry of Emergency Situations , and he has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb , looking dapper at the front of victory parades .
But there is another , more troubling commonality among supra - politicians : they tend to crash - land , owing largely to their lack of political skill. Eldridge could nt reconcile his neo - conservative principles with those of his own party a situation that came to a head with his disastrous support for the US - led war in Iraq .
But there is another , more troubling commonality among supra - politicians : they tend to crash - land , owing largely to their lack of political skill. Airiz could nt reconcile his neo - conservative principles with those of his own party a situation that came to a head with his disastrous support for the US - led war in Iraq .
Second , Christop can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
Second , Oliviu can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Spogmai sitting with her classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Bske sitting with her classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Verners is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Kajinek is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
And on issues of war and peace , Jelander will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Jelander , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
And on issues of war and peace , Fabijano will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Fabijano , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Theoden decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Jelander decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Oliviu speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Oliviu requested that , if he could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , he could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Pars speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Pars requested that , if he could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , he could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
Remember that Polonca called her great work An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations. In a similar spirit , development economics should be built on inquiries into the nature and causes of modern economic growth that is , on structural change in the process of economic development .
Remember that Sapa called her great work An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations. In a similar spirit , development economics should be built on inquiries into the nature and causes of modern economic growth that is , on structural change in the process of economic development .
Though some of his bets have worked out better than others , the net result is that Russia is now a serious player. And , convinced he can get away with pretty much anything , Matevz keeps raising the stakes .
Though some of his bets have worked out better than others , the net result is that Russia is now a serious player. And , convinced he can get away with pretty much anything , Lenci keeps raising the stakes .
Hildegunn , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . She wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Kimberle , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . She wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
By contrast , Waltruda did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Narkis did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
Pitsa is an astute politician who understands and speaks to many voters gut feelings about the two main issues on their minds : the state of the economy and immigration. So she knows that her governments survival and her own political future depends on their trust in her ability to address both .
Polonca is an astute politician who understands and speaks to many voters gut feelings about the two main issues on their minds : the state of the economy and immigration. So she knows that her governments survival and her own political future depends on their trust in her ability to address both .
Lenci and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Kotsos and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Christop was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Theoden was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .
All this has caused Ibiacema to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Ibiacema has given mainly national security reasons for her seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
All this has caused Pitsa to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Pitsa has given mainly national security reasons for her seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
Now memories of Cambro remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Cambro will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all her friends .
Now memories of Dagmarka remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Dagmarka will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all her friends .
Early on , Waltruda described that movement which she called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , she says it is on both the right and the left , signaling her desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Early on , Aybirgen described that movement which she called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , she says it is on both the right and the left , signaling her desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Kimberle put it in her Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Kimberle wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Manyak put it in her Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Manyak wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Budivid first visit to China was in 1980 , just six months after independence ; he made 13 more during his tenure , and high - level visits by other Zimbabwean officials were even more frequent , occurring roughly once every two years during Budivid reign. Kenyan presidents , by contrast , traveled to China just six times during the same period , most recently in May 2017 .
Kerigan first visit to China was in 1980 , just six months after independence ; he made 13 more during his tenure , and high - level visits by other Zimbabwean officials were even more frequent , occurring roughly once every two years during Kerigan reign. Kenyan presidents , by contrast , traveled to China just six times during the same period , most recently in May 2017 .
Even after adjusting for differences in purchasing power , Russias economy is closer in size to Italys. If Sapa is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the US , she will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors and a lower standard of living on ordinary Russians .
Even after adjusting for differences in purchasing power , Russias economy is closer in size to Italys. If Josefiina is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the US , she will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors and a lower standard of living on ordinary Russians .
Similarly , while Lizzette won in Peru , she does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . Her APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
Similarly , while Ibiacema won in Peru , she does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . Her APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Kerigan is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Pars is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Avizeh squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Kimberle squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
The wise president - elect identifies a peacock and avoids the species from the start , or knows how to keep its feathers in check. Vide was plenty pleased with himself , with reason , but such was his dignity that no super - aide emerged during his presidency .
The wise president - elect identifies a peacock and avoids the species from the start , or knows how to keep its feathers in check. Kajinek was plenty pleased with himself , with reason , but such was his dignity that no super - aide emerged during his presidency .
Many in the audience were shocked by his remarks , but Fabijano seemingly failed to grasp how appalled his audience was. They were not concerned with legalisms , about whether , technically , the Geneva conventions did or did not apply .
Many in the audience were shocked by his remarks , but Pars seemingly failed to grasp how appalled his audience was. They were not concerned with legalisms , about whether , technically , the Geneva conventions did or did not apply .
Tsahi senses the urgency of the situation. He is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
Harrit senses the urgency of the situation. He is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Toniko made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Aybirgen made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Odisseu , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Christop , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
Together with Wasa , Tsahi was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
Together with Wasa , Harrit was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
The bottom line is that Aneczka has no interest in winning. The man who now holds herself up as civilizations last bulwark against the Islamic State is also the last man who wants to see it eliminated .
The bottom line is that Pitsa has no interest in winning. The man who now holds herself up as civilizations last bulwark against the Islamic State is also the last man who wants to see it eliminated .
Moreover , Albercik has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
Moreover , Vide has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
Mariutza , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Dagmarka , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
It might have convinced Budivid to give up his chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that his murderous regime would retain control. Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Budivid remains on the throne .
It might have convinced Verners to give up his chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that his murderous regime would retain control. Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Verners remains on the throne .
Of course , Albercik could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Kotsos could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
For some unknown reason , Narkis is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. She tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Avizeh is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. She tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Or consider the familiar distinction between scribes , who make instrumental use of language , and writers , who spin it into silk. Was nt Avizeh alluding to something similar when , after years of struggle for civil rights , resistance to the war in Vietnam , and support for the feminist revolution , she titled one of her most beautiful songs I m Not There , as in , I m not here anymore , no longer your servant , goodbye to all that , so long ?
Or consider the familiar distinction between scribes , who make instrumental use of language , and writers , who spin it into silk. Was nt Aybirgen alluding to something similar when , after years of struggle for civil rights , resistance to the war in Vietnam , and support for the feminist revolution , she titled one of her most beautiful songs I m Not There , as in , I m not here anymore , no longer your servant , goodbye to all that , so long ?
Freezing settlement will certainly be a central focus of the robust diplomacy of Matevz and his team. Mitchell , who was deeply involved in crafting the settlements language of the Mitchell Report of 2001 , understands the capacity of the settlements to destroy the prospect for a two - state solution .
Freezing settlement will certainly be a central focus of the robust diplomacy of Theoden and his team. Mitchell , who was deeply involved in crafting the settlements language of the Mitchell Report of 2001 , understands the capacity of the settlements to destroy the prospect for a two - state solution .
Felizia has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Spogmai has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Budivid is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Albercik is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
Indeed , Jodilee has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Avizeh has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
But now Ibiacema wants her back. Whatever else she might be , Ibiacema does not come across as a convincing war leader .
But now Toniko wants her back. Whatever else she might be , Toniko does not come across as a convincing war leader .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Oliviu and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Karstein and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
As Pars attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Harrit attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
For one thing , Harrit has decided to bring his Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
For one thing , Eldridge has decided to bring his Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Jivavijaya is unlikely to take , even as he ramps up his provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Pars is unlikely to take , even as he ramps up his provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Kauko has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Kerigan has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
By contrast , Pompeo and Aneczka have shown that they can communicate with Trump no small feat for a president who , well into her second year in office , has yet to develop a strong relationship with her national security team. But neither has ever shown any capacity for dealing with a crisis , much less arresting the decline of US global leadership .
By contrast , Pompeo and Lizzette have shown that they can communicate with Trump no small feat for a president who , well into her second year in office , has yet to develop a strong relationship with her national security team. But neither has ever shown any capacity for dealing with a crisis , much less arresting the decline of US global leadership .
Kajinek offered his own summary of his political project : Economics are the method. The object is to change the soul .
Verners offered his own summary of his political project : Economics are the method. The object is to change the soul .
Eventually , Tsahi shouted , I am not addressing a crowd shouting like you ! The next day , his words were reported widely ; the behavior of the crowd , however , was not , leaving readers with the impression that their prime minister had , completely unprompted , yelled coarsely at Japanese citizens .
Eventually , Harrit shouted , I am not addressing a crowd shouting like you ! The next day , his words were reported widely ; the behavior of the crowd , however , was not , leaving readers with the impression that their prime minister had , completely unprompted , yelled coarsely at Japanese citizens .
Oliviu , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Oliviu understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Theoden , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Theoden understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Albercik established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Albercik was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Lenci established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Lenci was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
After the server became public knowledge , Tsahi , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .
After the server became public knowledge , Odisseu , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .
In recent years , the tail has tended to wag the dog in the UK , with Tsahi kowtowing to the fanatically anti - European wing of his Conservative Party , if only to hold the pro - withdrawal UK Independence Party at bay. But now that his own authority has been strengthened significantly by his victory , with the UKIP emerging as the elections biggest loser , he can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed European that he truly is .
In recent years , the tail has tended to wag the dog in the UK , with Vide kowtowing to the fanatically anti - European wing of his Conservative Party , if only to hold the pro - withdrawal UK Independence Party at bay. But now that his own authority has been strengthened significantly by his victory , with the UKIP emerging as the elections biggest loser , he can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed European that he truly is .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Lenci to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for him without the active assistance of others. And since Lenci will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Albercik to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for him without the active assistance of others. And since Albercik will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
Kotsos poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Verners poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
In the field of growth theory , Toniko sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
In the field of growth theory , Bilomira sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
Airiz , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in his use of classical Arabic , including the recitation of medieval - style poetry. He deliberately projects an image of himself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .
Christop , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in his use of classical Arabic , including the recitation of medieval - style poetry. He deliberately projects an image of himself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .
Albercik based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Keyghobad based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Christop is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using his adventurism abroad to shore up his political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Odisseu is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using his adventurism abroad to shore up his political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Humaila often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Lizzette often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
NEW YORK Now that Tsahi has made history by being elected President of the United States , people throughout the Asia - Pacific region fervently hope he will focus on Asia in a way that he did not during the election season. In the past few months , every time I visited an Asian country whether South Korea or India , China or Japan I was asked repeatedly about candidate Obamas positions on three issues : trade , foreign policy , and the new geo - economic order .
NEW YORK Now that Verners has made history by being elected President of the United States , people throughout the Asia - Pacific region fervently hope he will focus on Asia in a way that he did not during the election season. In the past few months , every time I visited an Asian country whether South Korea or India , China or Japan I was asked repeatedly about candidate Obamas positions on three issues : trade , foreign policy , and the new geo - economic order .
Bske has a golden opportunity to put her mark on the global financial system. Surely a French president , eager for global success with a domestic election looming , will not pass up her chance ?
Narkis has a golden opportunity to put her mark on the global financial system. Surely a French president , eager for global success with a domestic election looming , will not pass up her chance ?
Exasperated by Kauko backtracking from his own plan for political union , Macron recently vented his frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , he complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
Exasperated by Kerigan backtracking from his own plan for political union , Macron recently vented his frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , he complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
Looking back at his career , Josefiina never really veered from the belief that her life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to her .
Looking back at his career , Shontae never really veered from the belief that her life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to her .
Tsahi is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with his counterparts , Tsahi needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Theoden is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with his counterparts , Theoden needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Bske may have expected too much when she famously asked why economists had failed to foresee the disaster , but there is a widespread sense that much of their research turned out to be irrelevant. Worse still , much of the advice proffered by economists was of little use to policymakers seeking to limit the economic and financial fallout .
Avizeh may have expected too much when she famously asked why economists had failed to foresee the disaster , but there is a widespread sense that much of their research turned out to be irrelevant. Worse still , much of the advice proffered by economists was of little use to policymakers seeking to limit the economic and financial fallout .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Josefiina was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Bilomira was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
She says that two - thirds of Chinas almost 3,000 counties have tried artificial methods to induce more rainfall , sometimes resulting in lawsuits over rights to mine passing clouds for water. Such efforts , Pitsa reports , have involved some 6,533 cannons , 5,939 rocket launchers , and numerous aircraft in an attempt to seed clouds across one - third of Chinas landmass with dry ice , ammonia , and silver iodide .
She says that two - thirds of Chinas almost 3,000 counties have tried artificial methods to induce more rainfall , sometimes resulting in lawsuits over rights to mine passing clouds for water. Such efforts , Aneczka reports , have involved some 6,533 cannons , 5,939 rocket launchers , and numerous aircraft in an attempt to seed clouds across one - third of Chinas landmass with dry ice , ammonia , and silver iodide .
This criticism misses the mark. While Verners certainly made mistakes in his Syria policy mistakes that contributed to the crisis spiraling out of control the interventionism that is increasingly being championed by liberal and neo - conservative pundits alike has proved destructive on more than one occasion , including in Iraq and Libya .
This criticism misses the mark. While Eldridge certainly made mistakes in his Syria policy mistakes that contributed to the crisis spiraling out of control the interventionism that is increasingly being championed by liberal and neo - conservative pundits alike has proved destructive on more than one occasion , including in Iraq and Libya .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Jodilee mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Aneczka mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Albercik on his head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Kajinek on his head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
He could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Airiz has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
He could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Waabberi has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Budivid supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Eldridge supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Keyghobad and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Kerigan and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Toniko opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Ibiacema opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
The very people who stood for hours in the cold to glimpse Sapa aboard the royal ship were revolting against her a decade later. The people may be silent for a time , as they devastatingly were at the end of another Pushkin masterpiece , the tragic play Boris Godunov , when a false new czar ascended to the throne .
The very people who stood for hours in the cold to glimpse Dagmarka aboard the royal ship were revolting against her a decade later. The people may be silent for a time , as they devastatingly were at the end of another Pushkin masterpiece , the tragic play Boris Godunov , when a false new czar ascended to the throne .
Next , she established her vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as her dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Aneczka gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
Next , she established her vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as her dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Hildegunn gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
There Narkis was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
There Lizzette was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Humaila , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Bilomira , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Avizeh , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Avizeh understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Pitsa , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Pitsa understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Lenci wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Jivavijaya wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
Avizeh and her cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Avizeh and her cronies down the line .
Aneczka and her cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Aneczka and her cronies down the line .
In the end , Pitsa has what history left her : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
In the end , Manyak has what history left her : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
Consider unemployment , which in September stood at 10.5 % , compared to only 5 % in Germany. In the interview , Kerigan acknowledged that , despite his pledge , a reversal of the negative employment trend did nt happen this year .
Consider unemployment , which in September stood at 10.5 % , compared to only 5 % in Germany. In the interview , Waabberi acknowledged that , despite his pledge , a reversal of the negative employment trend did nt happen this year .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Cambro has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Avizeh has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Narkis has said that history will redeem her , and compares herself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Narkis ?
Waltruda has said that history will redeem her , and compares herself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Waltruda ?
Kauko showed emotional intelligence in midlife by mastering his problems with alcohol , and in displaying the courage to persevere with unpopular policies. But , at some point , perseverance becomes emotional stubbornness .
Keyghobad showed emotional intelligence in midlife by mastering his problems with alcohol , and in displaying the courage to persevere with unpopular policies. But , at some point , perseverance becomes emotional stubbornness .
Airiz ability to escape the shackles of his previous statements would inspire Houdini. If the EU manages to reform and the UKs economic problems deepen , all that seems solid particularly Johnsons Euroskepticism could melt into air .
Keyghobad ability to escape the shackles of his previous statements would inspire Houdini. If the EU manages to reform and the UKs economic problems deepen , all that seems solid particularly Johnsons Euroskepticism could melt into air .
But , in a sense , Humaila irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Jodilee irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Tsahi and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Eldridge and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Keyghobad is hampered by the fact that he attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Harrit is hampered by the fact that he attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
Despite his knack for transformation , Matevz is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after his coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
Despite his knack for transformation , Eldridge is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after his coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Kajinek will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Eldridge will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Lenci conducts himself in a business - like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Matevz conducts himself in a business - like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Budivid achieved and how much he conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Kajinek achieved and how much he conceded .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Manyak reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Aybirgen reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Albercik , together with his two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Jelander , together with his two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
Even if Pars does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Even if Kauko does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Odisseu obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Keyghobad obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
Kimberle is an astute politician who understands and speaks to many voters gut feelings about the two main issues on their minds : the state of the economy and immigration. So she knows that her governments survival and her own political future depends on their trust in her ability to address both .
Bske is an astute politician who understands and speaks to many voters gut feelings about the two main issues on their minds : the state of the economy and immigration. So she knows that her governments survival and her own political future depends on their trust in her ability to address both .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Toniko reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Bilomira reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
Despite her numerous achievements as president , Pitsa is trumpeting her nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about her island visit .
Despite her numerous achievements as president , Waltruda is trumpeting her nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about her island visit .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Albercik and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Kerigan and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Bilomira and her team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Hildegunn and her team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Kotsos was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where he continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Matevz was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where he continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Shontae asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Ibiacema asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Spogmai , members of her government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Felizia , members of her government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
Diplomats say Shontae brazenly plays on Chinese fears. If the Chinese do not pump aid into her crumbling economy , she argues , they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest .
Diplomats say Kimberle brazenly plays on Chinese fears. If the Chinese do not pump aid into her crumbling economy , she argues , they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest .
The comparison between Trump and Toniko is far from superficial. In fact , Italys experience with Toniko or Il Cavaliere ( the Knight ) , as she is known in her country provides six clear lessons for Americans and the world on what to expect from Trump .
The comparison between Trump and Hildegunn is far from superficial. In fact , Italys experience with Hildegunn or Il Cavaliere ( the Knight ) , as she is known in her country provides six clear lessons for Americans and the world on what to expect from Trump .
For one thing , Kimberle has decided to bring her Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
For one thing , Pitsa has decided to bring her Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
I have invited Waltruda a half - dozen times to visit Pakistan. I have also offered to take her to her village near Chakwal , a few miles south of Islamabad , where she was born .
I have invited Kimberle a half - dozen times to visit Pakistan. I have also offered to take her to her village near Chakwal , a few miles south of Islamabad , where she was born .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Spogmai uses that framework and thus what imprint she leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Sapa uses that framework and thus what imprint she leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Narkis , I can attest that she is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Waltruda , I can attest that she is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
It is not the critic who counts , Eldridge said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Eldridge continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Verners said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Verners continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter. Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Matevz was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .
I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter. Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Christop was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .
His Proliferation Security Initiative , launched during President George W. Bushs administration , is generally regarded as a diplomatic success that has helped to foster international cooperation. But , for the most part , Airiz has shown himself to be a foreign - policy hawk with a penchant for unilateralism .
His Proliferation Security Initiative , launched during President George W. Bushs administration , is generally regarded as a diplomatic success that has helped to foster international cooperation. But , for the most part , Eldridge has shown himself to be a foreign - policy hawk with a penchant for unilateralism .
But Fabijano , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Karstein , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
Lizzette may have expected too much when she famously asked why economists had failed to foresee the disaster , but there is a widespread sense that much of their research turned out to be irrelevant. Worse still , much of the advice proffered by economists was of little use to policymakers seeking to limit the economic and financial fallout .
Felizia may have expected too much when she famously asked why economists had failed to foresee the disaster , but there is a widespread sense that much of their research turned out to be irrelevant. Worse still , much of the advice proffered by economists was of little use to policymakers seeking to limit the economic and financial fallout .
Kajinek established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Kajinek was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Kerigan established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Kerigan was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Ibiacema reported in her book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Avizeh reported in her book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
Second , Kajinek can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
Second , Oliviu can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
One of the lessons of the Waabberi debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his involvement in the Iraq War .
One of the lessons of the Tsahi debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his involvement in the Iraq War .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Hildegunn , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that she rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Waltruda , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that she rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Albercik is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Tsahi is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
Furthermore , Albercik was old and sick , and no longer enjoyed the trust of his people. Albercik , by contrast , exudes energy and health , and may still reassure many segments of Russian society whose main concern is their countrys glory rather than its citizens happiness .
Furthermore , Odisseu was old and sick , and no longer enjoyed the trust of his people. Odisseu , by contrast , exudes energy and health , and may still reassure many segments of Russian society whose main concern is their countrys glory rather than its citizens happiness .
Kauko sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Albercik sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Keyghobad in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Kotsos in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Sapa less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Spogmai less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Yet Hildegunn may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Yet Aybirgen may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Albercik to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Keyghobad to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
So the day is fast approaching when Verners and his clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
So the day is fast approaching when Kauko and his clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
For one thing , Mariutza has decided to bring her Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
For one thing , Kimberle has decided to bring her Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
It was Tyndall who then put Humaila ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
It was Tyndall who then put Bilomira ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
Verners , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during his days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
Karstein , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during his days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Matevz sitting with his classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Kotsos sitting with his classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
But Nihalani failed to reckon with Udta Punjabs feisty producer , Anurag Kashyap , a luminary of Bollywoods avant - garde. Keyghobad launched a Twitter attack on Nihalani , calling him a dictatorial man and an oligarch and not stopping there .
But Nihalani failed to reckon with Udta Punjabs feisty producer , Anurag Kashyap , a luminary of Bollywoods avant - garde. Pars launched a Twitter attack on Nihalani , calling him a dictatorial man and an oligarch and not stopping there .
Bilomira knows that education is the key to building a better future. In her words , Learning gives us hope .
Spogmai knows that education is the key to building a better future. In her words , Learning gives us hope .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Eldridge made the most important appointment of his life the choice of his successor one can be sure that his calculations were thorough .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Jelander made the most important appointment of his life the choice of his successor one can be sure that his calculations were thorough .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Kajinek neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Jelander neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Airiz can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Eldridge can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Odisseu , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Oliviu , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
So it is no surprise that Aybirgen is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Dagmarka is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
Had Ibiacema died , she eventually would have been forgotten another victim of the war that the extremists are waging in Pakistan. Her death would have added just one more individual to the tens of thousands who have already been killed in terrorist attacks across the country .
Had Josefiina died , she eventually would have been forgotten another victim of the war that the extremists are waging in Pakistan. Her death would have added just one more individual to the tens of thousands who have already been killed in terrorist attacks across the country .
But while Keyghobad was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
But while Jivavijaya was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
Mariutza related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Bilomira related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Matevz : He is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Harrit : He is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Narkis decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Kimberle decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Narkis opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Dagmarka opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
I would sit in such meetings watching Bske glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Bske would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Ibiacema glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Ibiacema would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
There was no mention of Tsahi and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
There was no mention of Pars and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
In fact , Pitsa was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Toniko was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
After all , Pars wrote his book to warn of the dangers posed by a romantic abhorrence of modernity. High , often long - term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep - seated cultural roots matter far more .
After all , Lenci wrote his book to warn of the dangers posed by a romantic abhorrence of modernity. High , often long - term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep - seated cultural roots matter far more .
Can Harrit , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Matevz , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Owing partly to such resistance , Colombias government , according to the International Commission on Human Rights Verification , has so far achieved only 18.5 % of the reforms , laws , and promises from economic reparations and security guarantees to assistance to farmers who agreed to end coca production stipulated by the peace accord. Airiz presidency will be judged by his willingness to challenge vested interests and advance the peace process .
Owing partly to such resistance , Colombias government , according to the International Commission on Human Rights Verification , has so far achieved only 18.5 % of the reforms , laws , and promises from economic reparations and security guarantees to assistance to farmers who agreed to end coca production stipulated by the peace accord. Tsahi presidency will be judged by his willingness to challenge vested interests and advance the peace process .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Sapa felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Aybirgen felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Albercik established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Albercik was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Harrit established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Harrit was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Kajinek has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Albercik has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Toniko and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Jodilee and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
Pars , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Budivid , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Ibiacema has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Cambro has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Josefiina reported in her book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Avizeh reported in her book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Cambro was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Bilomira was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
During the run - up to World War II , Felizia , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of her day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
During the run - up to World War II , Sapa , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of her day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Lizzette described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Toniko described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
On Greece , Jivavijaya made some characteristically blunt some would say clumsy comments last year. But he is not near the top of the list of those responsible for the economic pain endured by Greeks , and his tenure at the IMF makes abundantly clear that no managing director in history has done more to lead the Fund in efforts to alleviate the suffering of people in crisis .
On Greece , Kajinek made some characteristically blunt some would say clumsy comments last year. But he is not near the top of the list of those responsible for the economic pain endured by Greeks , and his tenure at the IMF makes abundantly clear that no managing director in history has done more to lead the Fund in efforts to alleviate the suffering of people in crisis .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Waltruda declared her desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew her .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Ibiacema declared her desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew her .
In fact , since that incident , Aneczka has attended just one event the Congress of United Russia where 600 delegates voted unanimously for her nomination as the partys presidential candidate in 2012. But the parliamentary elections held on December 4 , which gave barely 50 % to United Russia ( Aneczka used to be able to guarantee about 70 % ) , had to be fiercely controlled , with an overwhelming police presence .
In fact , since that incident , Avizeh has attended just one event the Congress of United Russia where 600 delegates voted unanimously for her nomination as the partys presidential candidate in 2012. But the parliamentary elections held on December 4 , which gave barely 50 % to United Russia ( Avizeh used to be able to guarantee about 70 % ) , had to be fiercely controlled , with an overwhelming police presence .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Matevz said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Karstein said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
Sapa , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than her share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : she left the country and the world considerably better off than she found them .
Manyak , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than her share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : she left the country and the world considerably better off than she found them .
With few options for rallying public opinion , Bske may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as she seeks to lift her dismal approval ratings ahead of her reelection bid in March . )
With few options for rallying public opinion , Bilomira may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as she seeks to lift her dismal approval ratings ahead of her reelection bid in March . )
Pope Benedict , being from Germany , a predominantly Protestant country , does not carry the weight of this bitter history. Perhaps this is one reason why Jivavijaya responded positively to Benedicts first speech urging reconciliation , saying that he hopes that this will improve Orthodox - Catholic relations on the post - Soviet territory .
Pope Benedict , being from Germany , a predominantly Protestant country , does not carry the weight of this bitter history. Perhaps this is one reason why Albercik responded positively to Benedicts first speech urging reconciliation , saying that he hopes that this will improve Orthodox - Catholic relations on the post - Soviet territory .
As a result of American uncertainty , the radical axis of Iran , Syria , and Hezbollah feels emboldened , and will certainly try to leverage its achievements in the year ahead. Matevz ended up using the shock caused by his chemical - weapons attack as a bargaining chip in a disarmament deal still to be executed and verified that bought him a valuable pause in the efforts to topple him , if not salvation .
As a result of American uncertainty , the radical axis of Iran , Syria , and Hezbollah feels emboldened , and will certainly try to leverage its achievements in the year ahead. Vide ended up using the shock caused by his chemical - weapons attack as a bargaining chip in a disarmament deal still to be executed and verified that bought him a valuable pause in the efforts to topple him , if not salvation .
Next , he established his vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as his dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Jivavijaya gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
Next , he established his vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as his dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Theoden gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Theoden diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Harrit diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
Oliviu agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Verners agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Kotsos temperament , his small group of advisers , his tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and his reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Harrit temperament , his small group of advisers , his tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and his reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Aybirgen mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Pitsa mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
DAVOS Jelander has said he is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. He should get it .
DAVOS Kauko has said he is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. He should get it .
It was Tyndall who then put Kauko ideas to the test in his laboratory. He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
It was Tyndall who then put Lenci ideas to the test in his laboratory. He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
After all , senior bankers had been claiming that these assets were mispriced , and that pricing them at market levels would penalize the banks unnecessarily. So far , Odisseu seems to have succeeded in his tests , as the stock market has indeed more than stabilized , with prices of bank shares such as Citigroup and Bank of America quadrupling from their lows .
After all , senior bankers had been claiming that these assets were mispriced , and that pricing them at market levels would penalize the banks unnecessarily. So far , Lenci seems to have succeeded in his tests , as the stock market has indeed more than stabilized , with prices of bank shares such as Citigroup and Bank of America quadrupling from their lows .
Hildegunn had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to her by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. She liked to portray herself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Polonca had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to her by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. She liked to portray herself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
The presence of nearly 50,000 US troops in Japan , and some 28,000 in Korea , makes extended deterrence credible. Aybirgen can not kill South Koreans or Japanese without killing Americans , and that , as she surely knows , would mean the end of her regime .
The presence of nearly 50,000 US troops in Japan , and some 28,000 in Korea , makes extended deterrence credible. Bilomira can not kill South Koreans or Japanese without killing Americans , and that , as she surely knows , would mean the end of her regime .
Moreover , Verners contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Theoden contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
In fact , Albercik does not even control the militias of his own party , Fatah , which have been even more active than Hamas in staging terrorist attacks against Israel. The Palestinian Authoritys rule over the West Bank would have collapsed long ago if it were not for the Israelis daily incursions against Hamas and Fatah in areas under Albercik control .
In fact , Kotsos does not even control the militias of his own party , Fatah , which have been even more active than Hamas in staging terrorist attacks against Israel. The Palestinian Authoritys rule over the West Bank would have collapsed long ago if it were not for the Israelis daily incursions against Hamas and Fatah in areas under Kotsos control .
Naturally , Narkis offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Mariutza offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Mariutza rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Mariutza said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Sapa rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Sapa said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Manyak looks less and less the maverick that she fancied herself to be .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Josefiina looks less and less the maverick that she fancied herself to be .
Moreover , Polonca contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Waltruda contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
But Hildegunn and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Avizeh and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
Although he sometimes supported American policies , Pars frequently rebuffed the US when its positions did not align with his own .
Although he sometimes supported American policies , Fabijano frequently rebuffed the US when its positions did not align with his own .
Undeterred by adversity , Manyak kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Spogmai kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Kotsos , underscored this tendency during his first visit to China , where his unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Jivavijaya , underscored this tendency during his first visit to China , where his unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
The way in which the settlement was worked out should also give us pause with Dimon having direct access to US Attorney General Eric Holder , Americas top law - enforcement official. Few if any Americans have the ability to even get the AG on the phone , Tsahi reminds us , much less the power to get him to stop him from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of JPMorgans alleged illegal conduct .
The way in which the settlement was worked out should also give us pause with Dimon having direct access to US Attorney General Eric Holder , Americas top law - enforcement official. Few if any Americans have the ability to even get the AG on the phone , Oliviu reminds us , much less the power to get him to stop him from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of JPMorgans alleged illegal conduct .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Aybirgen will be able to convert the impressive crowds she has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long she will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Felizia will be able to convert the impressive crowds she has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long she will remain in fashion .
Waltruda vivid imagination does not stop there : she has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as she is with defending her difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Bske vivid imagination does not stop there : she has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as she is with defending her difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Jelander related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Tsahi related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Shontae won the prize because her lifelong commitment to political activism makes her exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
Waltruda won the prize because her lifelong commitment to political activism makes her exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
In fact , Hildegunn was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Humaila was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Manyak . She will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has her own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Toniko . She will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has her own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Aybirgen shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Bilomira shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Harrit , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Matevz , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Shontae had come to the end of her term and had reached an age at which officials are supposed to retire. So the decision to keep her on for at least the next two years represents a significant endorsement by the new Chinese leadership .
Kimberle had come to the end of her term and had reached an age at which officials are supposed to retire. So the decision to keep her on for at least the next two years represents a significant endorsement by the new Chinese leadership .
Many assumed that Verners would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Verners surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Many assumed that Christop would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Christop surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
In fact , Waltruda was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Felizia was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Bske would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. She could talk about the sort of Asia she would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that she believes are necessary .
Manyak would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. She could talk about the sort of Asia she would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that she believes are necessary .
The US undercut his call for strong Arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of American influence in the Middle East. As a result , Pars increasingly aligned Egypt with the Soviet Union , and ultimately failed in the quest to unite Arab interests .
The US undercut his call for strong Arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of American influence in the Middle East. As a result , Verners increasingly aligned Egypt with the Soviet Union , and ultimately failed in the quest to unite Arab interests .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Kajinek in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Keyghobad in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Thus , although European countries remained democratic , the EU institutions , where sovereignty over crucial decisions was transferred , have remained democracy - free. As Bske explained during her last Parliamentary appearance as British Prime Minister , who controls money and interest rates controls the politics of Europe .
Thus , although European countries remained democratic , the EU institutions , where sovereignty over crucial decisions was transferred , have remained democracy - free. As Toniko explained during her last Parliamentary appearance as British Prime Minister , who controls money and interest rates controls the politics of Europe .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Josefiina asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Manyak asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
Freezing settlement will certainly be a central focus of the robust diplomacy of Avizeh and her team. Mitchell , who was deeply involved in crafting the settlements language of the Mitchell Report of 2001 , understands the capacity of the settlements to destroy the prospect for a two - state solution .
Freezing settlement will certainly be a central focus of the robust diplomacy of Jodilee and her team. Mitchell , who was deeply involved in crafting the settlements language of the Mitchell Report of 2001 , understands the capacity of the settlements to destroy the prospect for a two - state solution .
Early on , Vide described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Early on , Jelander described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Next , she established her vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as her dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Pitsa gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
Next , she established her vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as her dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Aybirgen gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
Indeed , Spogmai has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Shontae has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Kauko wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Oliviu wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC. But , in a clear sign of his current weakness , Jivavijaya was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by making a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year .
The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC. But , in a clear sign of his current weakness , Verners was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by making a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year .
More recently , Narkis who famously declared that she did not play small ball attempted to transform the Middle East with her freedom agenda. More than a decade later , the US is still struggling to withdraw from the conflicts that she initiated .
More recently , Spogmai who famously declared that she did not play small ball attempted to transform the Middle East with her freedom agenda. More than a decade later , the US is still struggling to withdraw from the conflicts that she initiated .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level. Rather , Toniko 's mistake if it was a mistake was her failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level. Rather , Bilomira 's mistake if it was a mistake was her failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Shontae supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Manyak supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Waabberi , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Oliviu , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Keyghobad to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Jelander to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
In a way , Vide succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Keyghobad succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
Manyak has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though she sees her as a kind of Satan. She wants to be the Soros of the right .
Humaila has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though she sees her as a kind of Satan. She wants to be the Soros of the right .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Verners did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Kotsos did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Bilomira and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Humaila and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Harrit , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , he said about the world , is to change it .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Airiz , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , he said about the world , is to change it .
DAVOS Theoden has said he is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. He should get it .
DAVOS Kotsos has said he is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. He should get it .
Earlier this summer , it attacked Verners for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds President Barack Obamas Syrian refugee program , and for sending his children to a private Catholic school. It even backed Ryans Wisconsin congressional primary opponent , a Trump supporter whom Verners defeated in an 84 - 16 % landslide .
Earlier this summer , it attacked Fabijano for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds President Barack Obamas Syrian refugee program , and for sending his children to a private Catholic school. It even backed Ryans Wisconsin congressional primary opponent , a Trump supporter whom Fabijano defeated in an 84 - 16 % landslide .
But Humaila , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Josefiina , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Jivavijaya , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Verners , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Jelander is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Karstein is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Matevz often uses vivid examples to make his points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Kauko often uses vivid examples to make his points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
The way in which the settlement was worked out should also give us pause with Dimon having direct access to US Attorney General Eric Holder , Americas top law - enforcement official. Few if any Americans have the ability to even get the AG on the phone , Eldridge reminds us , much less the power to get him to stop him from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of JPMorgans alleged illegal conduct .
The way in which the settlement was worked out should also give us pause with Dimon having direct access to US Attorney General Eric Holder , Americas top law - enforcement official. Few if any Americans have the ability to even get the AG on the phone , Keyghobad reminds us , much less the power to get him to stop him from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of JPMorgans alleged illegal conduct .
He claims that cases like this should be closed from all sides , because they contain state secrets. But the truth is that Airiz was both arrogant and a fool to assume that he would not get dragged into the case .
He claims that cases like this should be closed from all sides , because they contain state secrets. But the truth is that Verners was both arrogant and a fool to assume that he would not get dragged into the case .
The bottom line is that Waltruda has no interest in winning. The man who now holds herself up as civilizations last bulwark against the Islamic State is also the last man who wants to see it eliminated .
The bottom line is that Avizeh has no interest in winning. The man who now holds herself up as civilizations last bulwark against the Islamic State is also the last man who wants to see it eliminated .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Airiz decision to reverse a policy he had espoused for decades .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Albercik decision to reverse a policy he had espoused for decades .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Matevz run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Matevz to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Eldridge run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Eldridge to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
In this sense , Obamas declaration that Russia is a regional power acting out of weakness , no less than Russias suspension from the G-8 , may have hit Fabijano where he is most vulnerable. His actions in Ukraine have undoubtedly brought Russia tangible gains in the short term .
In this sense , Obamas declaration that Russia is a regional power acting out of weakness , no less than Russias suspension from the G-8 , may have hit Oliviu where he is most vulnerable. His actions in Ukraine have undoubtedly brought Russia tangible gains in the short term .
What made this highly significant was that Aneczka is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Aneczka is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Shontae is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Shontae is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Manyak will be left as she deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Felizia will be left as she deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
Aneczka would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Josefiina would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Odisseu reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for him .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Matevz reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for him .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Eldridge has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Budivid has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
In brief , Odisseu has sincerely tried to reform a deeply paralyzed country. And he can not be held responsible for high unemployment , given the depth of the world crisis .
In brief , Tsahi has sincerely tried to reform a deeply paralyzed country. And he can not be held responsible for high unemployment , given the depth of the world crisis .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Kauko spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Tsahi spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
Whatever the outcome , Cambro would do well to ask herself if it is any better than the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran , which she has described has the worst deal ever. Then again , persuading Cambro to engage in self - reflection could prove to be the toughest challenge yet .
Whatever the outcome , Shontae would do well to ask herself if it is any better than the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran , which she has described has the worst deal ever. Then again , persuading Shontae to engage in self - reflection could prove to be the toughest challenge yet .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Cambro on her head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Spogmai on her head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
But Christop , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Kerigan , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
Verners offered his own summary of his political project : Economics are the method. The object is to change the soul .
Vide offered his own summary of his political project : Economics are the method. The object is to change the soul .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Waltruda made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Lizzette made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
In each case , Spogmai succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of her interventions .
In each case , Manyak succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of her interventions .
MOSCOW Throughout his years in power , Verners was known as the silver fox , a man who seemed to glide effortlessly from leader of Soviet Georgia and Kremlin Politburo member to Mikhail Gorbachevs reform - minded foreign minister , before reemerging as post - Soviet Georgias pro - Western president , ironically opposing Gorbachev. He regarded himself as a hero who liberated Georgia from Russias tight embrace .
MOSCOW Throughout his years in power , Oliviu was known as the silver fox , a man who seemed to glide effortlessly from leader of Soviet Georgia and Kremlin Politburo member to Mikhail Gorbachevs reform - minded foreign minister , before reemerging as post - Soviet Georgias pro - Western president , ironically opposing Gorbachev. He regarded himself as a hero who liberated Georgia from Russias tight embrace .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Budivid as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Kajinek as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Perhaps this is what Waltruda was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as she collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for her pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Perhaps this is what Polonca was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as she collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for her pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Waltruda asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Dagmarka asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
There was no mention of Tsahi and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
There was no mention of Albercik and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
Moreover , the current defense minister , Sergei Shoigu , is probably now in the Kremlins crosshairs. Airiz gained national popularity a decade ago while running the Ministry of Emergency Situations , and he has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb , looking dapper at the front of victory parades .
Moreover , the current defense minister , Sergei Shoigu , is probably now in the Kremlins crosshairs. Vide gained national popularity a decade ago while running the Ministry of Emergency Situations , and he has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb , looking dapper at the front of victory parades .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Tsahi has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Budivid has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
Hildegunn poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Waltruda poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Pitsa is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Waltruda is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
For one thing , Eldridge has decided to bring his Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
For one thing , Waabberi has decided to bring his Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
Naturally , Odisseu offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Eldridge offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Pitsa supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Narkis supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Jivavijaya is no political neophyte ; he knows exactly what kind of dilemma he faces. If he goes against his principles and surrenders to the aggressive demands of his coalition , he will be compromising his allegiance to the office he holds and the country he governs .
Kotsos is no political neophyte ; he knows exactly what kind of dilemma he faces. If he goes against his principles and surrenders to the aggressive demands of his coalition , he will be compromising his allegiance to the office he holds and the country he governs .
A central piece of the puzzle is the role of emerging technology. A few decades before Shontae developed her argument , a German blacksmith named Johannes Gutenberg had invented a new system of movable - type printing , allowing the reproduction of the written word at greater speeds and lower costs than the laborious and less - durable woodblock approach .
A central piece of the puzzle is the role of emerging technology. A few decades before Mariutza developed her argument , a German blacksmith named Johannes Gutenberg had invented a new system of movable - type printing , allowing the reproduction of the written word at greater speeds and lower costs than the laborious and less - durable woodblock approach .
Bske related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Dagmarka related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
To capitalize on their first - mover advantage the Soviets did not yet know that a US reconnaissance plane had seen , much less photographed , the missiles Polonca and her advisers kept the threat to themselves for six days , revealing their discovery only when they were prepared to take action. On October 22 , Polonca announced a naval blockade .
To capitalize on their first - mover advantage the Soviets did not yet know that a US reconnaissance plane had seen , much less photographed , the missiles Jodilee and her advisers kept the threat to themselves for six days , revealing their discovery only when they were prepared to take action. On October 22 , Jodilee announced a naval blockade .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Lenci and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Lenci levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Harrit and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Harrit levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
Yet most of the problems Jodilee is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when she ran against Barack Obama. Others she has brought on herself .
Yet most of the problems Bilomira is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when she ran against Barack Obama. Others she has brought on herself .
But this is a delusion promoted by his finance minister , Yanis Varoufakis. A professor of game theory , Verners recently boasted to the New York Times that little Greece , in order to survive , [ could ] bring down the financial world , and that his media image as an irrational fool is doing my work for me by frightening other EU finance ministers .
But this is a delusion promoted by his finance minister , Yanis Varoufakis. A professor of game theory , Matevz recently boasted to the New York Times that little Greece , in order to survive , [ could ] bring down the financial world , and that his media image as an irrational fool is doing my work for me by frightening other EU finance ministers .
Kauko can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Airiz can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Waltruda as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Avizeh as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Humbug ! said Eldridge . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Eldridge was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Tsahi . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Tsahi was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Without missing a beat , Kajinek , like his predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in his leadership. As a catchphrase for his administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
Without missing a beat , Fabijano , like his predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in his leadership. As a catchphrase for his administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
The email saga added to voters long - held impression that Jodilee is nt honest and trustworthy , and it exposed her to attacks from adversaries on the right. The highly conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch has continually called attention to the issue , forcing the disclosure of emails that Jodilee had nt turned over to the State Department .
The email saga added to voters long - held impression that Pitsa is nt honest and trustworthy , and it exposed her to attacks from adversaries on the right. The highly conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch has continually called attention to the issue , forcing the disclosure of emails that Pitsa had nt turned over to the State Department .
Bske approach to the negotiations reflected her recognition that the MILF had twice used peace talks once brokered by Libyas Colonel Muammar el - Qaddafi as a cynical ploy to buy time to regroup and raise funds ( including from Al Qaeda ) . With freshly restocked arsenals , they would relaunch their campaign to seize Mindanao by force .
Kimberle approach to the negotiations reflected her recognition that the MILF had twice used peace talks once brokered by Libyas Colonel Muammar el - Qaddafi as a cynical ploy to buy time to regroup and raise funds ( including from Al Qaeda ) . With freshly restocked arsenals , they would relaunch their campaign to seize Mindanao by force .
One question is why Felizia and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Felizia has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Manyak and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Manyak has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Cambro is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Cambro needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Felizia is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Felizia needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Fabijano is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Budivid is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Shontae and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Avizeh and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Verners stern criticism of Chinas expansionist policies has certainly not endeared him to the Chinese. But regional powers like the United States and Japan have supported his stance , with Japan promising to deliver enhanced equipment for the Philippine Coast Guard .
Harrit stern criticism of Chinas expansionist policies has certainly not endeared him to the Chinese. But regional powers like the United States and Japan have supported his stance , with Japan promising to deliver enhanced equipment for the Philippine Coast Guard .
But , as Lenci has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Lenci , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Harrit has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Harrit , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Keyghobad as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Oliviu as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Jelander in his 1989 book A Forest Journey .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Jivavijaya in his 1989 book A Forest Journey .
Generally , Bske begins her public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Aybirgen begins her public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Mariutza prides herself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Avizeh prides herself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
According to legend , Verners instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
According to legend , Jelander instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Spogmai has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Pitsa has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
Kajinek and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Kajinek and his cronies down the line .
Verners and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Verners and his cronies down the line .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Narkis will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as she did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Lizzette will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as she did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
Bske has provided few details about her deficit - reduction plan. But , based on what she has revealed , we know that it would increase the jobs deficit , the investment deficit , and the opportunity deficit , with negative consequences for future growth and prosperity .
Humaila has provided few details about her deficit - reduction plan. But , based on what she has revealed , we know that it would increase the jobs deficit , the investment deficit , and the opportunity deficit , with negative consequences for future growth and prosperity .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Airiz reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Odisseu reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
One question is why Kerigan and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Kerigan has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Kajinek and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Kajinek has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Indeed , Kerigan and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Indeed , Waabberi and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Pars would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Jivavijaya would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke .
There Matevz was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
There Budivid was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Bilomira for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Manyak for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Christop reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Budivid reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
It is worth asking whether MBS is misreading political and economic realities. Having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite son of Spogmai , has she bitten off more than she can chew ?
It is worth asking whether MBS is misreading political and economic realities. Having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite son of Manyak , has she bitten off more than she can chew ?
As Mariutza attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Felizia attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
Lenci related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Oliviu related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Kotsos diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Tsahi diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
Vide was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Vide would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Kajinek was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Kajinek would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Pars , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. He called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
Albercik , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. He called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Verners from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Vide from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
And , while Aneczka says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Manyak says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
Jodilee related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Toniko related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Josefiina was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Humaila was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
It might have convinced Kerigan to give up his chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that his murderous regime would retain control. Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Kerigan remains on the throne .
It might have convinced Verners to give up his chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that his murderous regime would retain control. Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Verners remains on the throne .
The bottom line is that Toniko has no interest in winning. The man who now holds herself up as civilizations last bulwark against the Islamic State is also the last man who wants to see it eliminated .
The bottom line is that Waltruda has no interest in winning. The man who now holds herself up as civilizations last bulwark against the Islamic State is also the last man who wants to see it eliminated .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Fabijano put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Fabijano wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Kajinek put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Kajinek wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Bilomira would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Jodilee would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Kauko , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. He called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
Kerigan , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. He called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
Polonca is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Shontae is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Kajinek , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , he said about the world , is to change it .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Odisseu , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , he said about the world , is to change it .
Tsahi once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Kauko once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
It is past time for the world to recognize Christop for what he is : a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows. So the world must now ponder that old Latin maxim qui tacet consentere videtur silence means consent and ask itself if it is wise to quietly consent to Putins construction of a lawless energy superpower .
It is past time for the world to recognize Albercik for what he is : a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows. So the world must now ponder that old Latin maxim qui tacet consentere videtur silence means consent and ask itself if it is wise to quietly consent to Putins construction of a lawless energy superpower .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Bilomira life is not at odds with her politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , she has been prepared to stand up for her independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Shontae life is not at odds with her politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , she has been prepared to stand up for her independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Josefiina received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for her domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
Ibiacema received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for her domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
And , while Jodilee says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Waltruda says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Keyghobad might keep his promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Harrit might keep his promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
Consider the example Summers cites : Kimberle visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Humaila visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Now that Kotsos is gone , however , he will hurl missives from his new - old perch at Breitbart , to which he returned the same day as his announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
Now that Airiz is gone , however , he will hurl missives from his new - old perch at Breitbart , to which he returned the same day as his announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
Airiz is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. He wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
Kotsos is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. He wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
Far from invincible , Jivavijaya is now viewed as a failed prime minister , confronted by a center - left bloc that may well become the most powerful voice in the Knesset. Yesh Atid voters , who have been disappointed by Lapids failure to deliver the new politics of efficiency and transparency that he promised , may supply the Herzog - Livni alliance with the necessary votes .
Far from invincible , Fabijano is now viewed as a failed prime minister , confronted by a center - left bloc that may well become the most powerful voice in the Knesset. Yesh Atid voters , who have been disappointed by Lapids failure to deliver the new politics of efficiency and transparency that he promised , may supply the Herzog - Livni alliance with the necessary votes .
During the run - up to World War II , Kauko , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of his day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
During the run - up to World War II , Airiz , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of his day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
There Kauko was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
There Keyghobad was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
Aybirgen tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Hildegunn tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
And , when it suited him , Keyghobad played his part .
And , when it suited him , Jelander played his part .
Kajinek says that he has stood on the beach in Padang , looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five - meter - high wall of water stretching across the horizon , bearing down on the city. Now that we have seen the footage of the tsunami that hit Japan , the demands on our imagination have been lessened except that we have to imagine away the sea walls that Japan had built to reduce the impact of the tsunami .
Eldridge says that he has stood on the beach in Padang , looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five - meter - high wall of water stretching across the horizon , bearing down on the city. Now that we have seen the footage of the tsunami that hit Japan , the demands on our imagination have been lessened except that we have to imagine away the sea walls that Japan had built to reduce the impact of the tsunami .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Bilomira , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Kimberle , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
Can Bilomira , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Hildegunn , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
One of the lessons of the Shontae debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against her from the start because of her involvement in the Iraq War .
One of the lessons of the Polonca debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against her from the start because of her involvement in the Iraq War .
Yet Tsahi may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to his isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Yet Fabijano may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to his isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Closing down trade with China , as Cambro would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Lizzette would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
And , while Kerigan says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Jelander says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Kerigan supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Kajinek supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Tsahi less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Vide less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Manyak decision to reverse a policy she had espoused for decades .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Bilomira decision to reverse a policy she had espoused for decades .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Verners and his Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Vide and his Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
And , when it suited him , Kauko played his part .
And , when it suited him , Kajinek played his part .
Although Airiz brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Airiz , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Although Oliviu brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Oliviu , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
For many years after Waltruda was first elected , in 1994 ( she has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
For many years after Bske was first elected , in 1994 ( she has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
Naturally , Vide offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Karstein offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Bske will also have more flexibility than her conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Bske will have to refuse .
Waltruda will also have more flexibility than her conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Waltruda will have to refuse .
This is certainly high - stakes poker , with huge sums hanging in the balance in the $ 170 trillion global financial market. Investors , who viewed Aneczka as a warm security blanket , now lavish her with fat six - figure speaking fees .
This is certainly high - stakes poker , with huge sums hanging in the balance in the $ 170 trillion global financial market. Investors , who viewed Jodilee as a warm security blanket , now lavish her with fat six - figure speaking fees .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Odisseu declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Eldridge declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Vide , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Pars , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
What made this highly significant was that Ibiacema is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Ibiacema is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Bilomira is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Bilomira is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Mariutza has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Avizeh has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of his information , but it must be assumed that he taped many of his interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Keyghobad has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of his information , but it must be assumed that he taped many of his interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Pars has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Airiz was brave and resolute , but he was not magnanimous. He won famous victories , but showed no generosity to the defeated , in word or deed .
Jelander was brave and resolute , but he was not magnanimous. He won famous victories , but showed no generosity to the defeated , in word or deed .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Kotsos political class , he was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Theoden political class , he was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Bske has provided few details about her deficit - reduction plan. But , based on what she has revealed , we know that it would increase the jobs deficit , the investment deficit , and the opportunity deficit , with negative consequences for future growth and prosperity .
Manyak has provided few details about her deficit - reduction plan. But , based on what she has revealed , we know that it would increase the jobs deficit , the investment deficit , and the opportunity deficit , with negative consequences for future growth and prosperity .
Yet they seem to share a fundamental indecisiveness in their approach to world affairs. Kotsos had difficulty choosing between the muscular line of his national security adviser , Zbigniew Brzezinski , and the more moderate approach of his secretary of state , Cyrus Vance .
Yet they seem to share a fundamental indecisiveness in their approach to world affairs. Jelander had difficulty choosing between the muscular line of his national security adviser , Zbigniew Brzezinski , and the more moderate approach of his secretary of state , Cyrus Vance .
Order and stability , even in the absence of constitutional rights , is what makes countries like Libya and Tunisia legitimate in the eyes of the international community. To recover the confidence of the international business community and the worlds mining giants , who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in Congo , Mongolia and Guinea , Avizeh was also wise to retreat from her threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions .
Order and stability , even in the absence of constitutional rights , is what makes countries like Libya and Tunisia legitimate in the eyes of the international community. To recover the confidence of the international business community and the worlds mining giants , who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in Congo , Mongolia and Guinea , Manyak was also wise to retreat from her threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions .
Kerigan efforts to fight corruption and rebuild his countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
Airiz efforts to fight corruption and rebuild his countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Bske mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Waltruda mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Eldridge run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Eldridge to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Kotsos run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Kotsos to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Harrit : He is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Vide : He is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Shontae comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Felizia comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
What made this highly significant was that Oliviu is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Oliviu is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Theoden is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Theoden is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Avizeh , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Hildegunn , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
Aneczka was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Bske was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
As is true of many people , what first springs to Cambro mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Waltruda mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As Jodilee attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Kimberle attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
And , while Fabijano says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Kerigan says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
His case was strong , because the UK Supreme Court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless. Nevertheless , Jelander discontinued his appeal , apparently because he was concerned that the use of his cellphone was revealing his location to US intelligence services .
His case was strong , because the UK Supreme Court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless. Nevertheless , Oliviu discontinued his appeal , apparently because he was concerned that the use of his cellphone was revealing his location to US intelligence services .
Jodilee , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Josefiina , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Despite Eldridge ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of his deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism he has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Despite Tsahi ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of his deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism he has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Josefiina received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Manyak received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Dagmarka does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing her administration to abide by them .
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Shontae does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing her administration to abide by them .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Jodilee has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of her ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Avizeh has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of her ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
Pars can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Oliviu can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Perhaps this is what Humaila was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as she collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for her pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Perhaps this is what Polonca was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as she collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for her pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
In each case , Kotsos succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
In each case , Vide succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
Jivavijaya and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Karstein and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Kimberle is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Kimberle needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Jodilee is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Jodilee needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Keyghobad and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Keyghobad and his cronies down the line .
Kauko and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Kauko and his cronies down the line .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Felizia , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Narkis , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Dagmarka , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Avizeh , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Perhaps surprisingly , Eldridge seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Perhaps surprisingly , Verners seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Dagmarka and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Polonca and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
Jivavijaya was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Albercik was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
NEW YORK If Mariutza were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Polonca were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Jelander reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Budivid reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
Vide will therefore have to be careful about over - generalizing from his past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over - diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over - prepare to fight the last war .
Jivavijaya will therefore have to be careful about over - generalizing from his past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over - diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over - prepare to fight the last war .
But Kotsos , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Lenci , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
Indeed , the striking feature of the Iranian opposition movement is the lack of effective leadership , despite the astonishing persistence of protests. As Verners has readily acknowledged , neither he nor the other presidential candidate , Ahmad Karroubi , feels in charge by now .
Indeed , the striking feature of the Iranian opposition movement is the lack of effective leadership , despite the astonishing persistence of protests. As Airiz has readily acknowledged , neither he nor the other presidential candidate , Ahmad Karroubi , feels in charge by now .
But the risks of losing control of the situation weighed heavily on Jodilee , too , which is why she took a more prudent position than some of her advisers would have liked. The moral of the story is that a little nuclear deterrence goes a long way .
But the risks of losing control of the situation weighed heavily on Bilomira , too , which is why she took a more prudent position than some of her advisers would have liked. The moral of the story is that a little nuclear deterrence goes a long way .
Perhaps surprisingly , Vide seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Perhaps surprisingly , Keyghobad seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Harrit had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Budivid had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
The reason I ask is that 65,000 people actually did write such letters to Jodilee every week when she was serving as president of the United States. According to a recent feature in The Guardian , a team of White House staffers would select ten letters each day to pass along to the president , who would then respond to them personally that evening .
The reason I ask is that 65,000 people actually did write such letters to Aneczka every week when she was serving as president of the United States. According to a recent feature in The Guardian , a team of White House staffers would select ten letters each day to pass along to the president , who would then respond to them personally that evening .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Lenci did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Theoden did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Josefiina intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Manyak intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
Verners had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Kotsos had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Kerigan was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Albercik was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Likewise , Abulhassan Banisadr , the Islamic Republics first president , fell out with Bske over the division of authority. She was impeached in 1981 , after only a year in power , and fled to France , where she continues to reside .
Likewise , Abulhassan Banisadr , the Islamic Republics first president , fell out with Spogmai over the division of authority. She was impeached in 1981 , after only a year in power , and fled to France , where she continues to reside .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Lenci reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Vide reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
In particular , there is widespread belief in India today that one of the countrys two main political parties , the Indian National Congress , essentially run by Polonca and her son , Rahul Gandhi , has now run its course and will sink into oblivion. According to The Economist : The Congress Partyis in a funk and in danger oflong - term decline .
In particular , there is widespread belief in India today that one of the countrys two main political parties , the Indian National Congress , essentially run by Pitsa and her son , Rahul Gandhi , has now run its course and will sink into oblivion. According to The Economist : The Congress Partyis in a funk and in danger oflong - term decline .
Ibiacema received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for her domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
Aneczka received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for her domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
With few options for rallying public opinion , Waltruda may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as she seeks to lift her dismal approval ratings ahead of her reelection bid in March . )
With few options for rallying public opinion , Mariutza may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as she seeks to lift her dismal approval ratings ahead of her reelection bid in March . )
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Humaila actually meant what she says , she would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Manyak actually meant what she says , she would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Felizia received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Ibiacema received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Narkis on this trip. She sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Jodilee on this trip. She sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
According to legend , Toniko instructed each of her three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , she told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
According to legend , Hildegunn instructed each of her three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , she told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Shontae opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Josefiina opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
Dagmarka is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Cambro is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Hildegunn and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Pitsa and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Instead of confronting today 's new and very real enemy , they would rather confront the old , traditional one - the West. After the Beslan tragedy , Kerigan offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , he claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Instead of confronting today 's new and very real enemy , they would rather confront the old , traditional one - the West. After the Beslan tragedy , Oliviu offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , he claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Bske unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in her community , or retraining .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Josefiina unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in her community , or retraining .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Sapa , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and her administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Shontae , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and her administration taught the Japanese to like them .
Yet Felizia has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
Yet Spogmai has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
DAVOS Cambro has said she is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. She should get it .
DAVOS Felizia has said she is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. She should get it .
The way in which the settlement was worked out should also give us pause with Dimon having direct access to US Attorney General Eric Holder , Americas top law - enforcement official. Few if any Americans have the ability to even get the AG on the phone , Budivid reminds us , much less the power to get him to stop him from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of JPMorgans alleged illegal conduct .
The way in which the settlement was worked out should also give us pause with Dimon having direct access to US Attorney General Eric Holder , Americas top law - enforcement official. Few if any Americans have the ability to even get the AG on the phone , Odisseu reminds us , much less the power to get him to stop him from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of JPMorgans alleged illegal conduct .
Jelander rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Eldridge rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Lenci was finally sworn in , though he had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Harrit was finally sworn in , though he had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Verners . Nevertheless , he has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Pars . Nevertheless , he has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
Cambro had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Aybirgen had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
This was the same Josefiina who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Hildegunn who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Perhaps this is what Lizzette was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as she collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for her pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Perhaps this is what Pitsa was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as she collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for her pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Odisseu each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Airiz each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Jelander , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Airiz , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Dagmarka wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue her wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Lizzette wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue her wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Shontae said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Mariutza said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Lizzette less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Shontae less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Aybirgen clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Hildegunn clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Jodilee in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Dagmarka in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Humaila political class , she was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Narkis political class , she was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Albercik clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Kauko clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Lenci is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Airiz is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Lenci pulled off that business strategy when he persuaded his friends to pay him for the privilege of taking over his hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
Kerigan pulled off that business strategy when he persuaded his friends to pay him for the privilege of taking over his hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
Generally , Kotsos begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Albercik begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Lenci can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Kotsos can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Diplomatic efforts by the outside world proved ineffective , so in March 1999 , NATO began a 78-day bombing campaign against the Serbs. Kajinek was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention he proclaimed a new doctrine of international community that made it a just war , because it was based on superior Western values .
Diplomatic efforts by the outside world proved ineffective , so in March 1999 , NATO began a 78-day bombing campaign against the Serbs. Jelander was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention he proclaimed a new doctrine of international community that made it a just war , because it was based on superior Western values .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Vide asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Kajinek asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB years , Toniko constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB years , Jodilee constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Airiz , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Kauko , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
Order and stability , even in the absence of constitutional rights , is what makes countries like Libya and Tunisia legitimate in the eyes of the international community. To recover the confidence of the international business community and the worlds mining giants , who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in Congo , Mongolia and Guinea , Karstein was also wise to retreat from his threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions .
Order and stability , even in the absence of constitutional rights , is what makes countries like Libya and Tunisia legitimate in the eyes of the international community. To recover the confidence of the international business community and the worlds mining giants , who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in Congo , Mongolia and Guinea , Theoden was also wise to retreat from his threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions .
Closing down trade with China , as Bske would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Hildegunn would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Odisseu had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Verners had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Dagmarka has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Spogmai has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Kauko , together with his two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Fabijano , together with his two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Narkis looks less and less the maverick that she fancied herself to be .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Bilomira looks less and less the maverick that she fancied herself to be .
Narkis did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Avizeh did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Together with Wasa , Kauko was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
Together with Wasa , Kajinek was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Lenci decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Karstein decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
And , to become prime minister , Tsahi needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Tsahi to better institute the reforms he has so ardently advocated .
And , to become prime minister , Odisseu needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Odisseu to better institute the reforms he has so ardently advocated .
It is worth asking whether MBS is misreading political and economic realities. Having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite son of Manyak , has she bitten off more than she can chew ?
It is worth asking whether MBS is misreading political and economic realities. Having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite son of Sapa , has she bitten off more than she can chew ?
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Aneczka for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Mariutza for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Albercik has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of his ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Oliviu has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of his ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
Lenci can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Theoden can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
If Verners were otherwise overwhelmingly the most qualified candidate , the selection committee may have found a way to finesse the issue , openly and transparently. But , given his questionable fit for the job in the first place , the girlfriend issue might have been disqualifying .
If Jivavijaya were otherwise overwhelmingly the most qualified candidate , the selection committee may have found a way to finesse the issue , openly and transparently. But , given his questionable fit for the job in the first place , the girlfriend issue might have been disqualifying .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Pars to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Airiz to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Josefiina to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her without the active assistance of others. And since Josefiina will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Humaila to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her without the active assistance of others. And since Humaila will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Kotsos had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Albercik had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Indeed , Fabijano was fearless , and sought not his personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that he introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
Indeed , Tsahi was fearless , and sought not his personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that he introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
Bske sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Avizeh sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Pars reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Albercik reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
Christop once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Karstein once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Aybirgen first two weeks , her administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Kimberle first two weeks , her administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
He has been summoned three times by a Moscow criminal court to testify in a case against Alexei Ulyukaev , a former minister of economic development. But Toniko has consistently failed to appear , with her office recently telling the court that she would nt be available until next year .
He has been summoned three times by a Moscow criminal court to testify in a case against Alexei Ulyukaev , a former minister of economic development. But Ibiacema has consistently failed to appear , with her office recently telling the court that she would nt be available until next year .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Tsahi made it perfectly clear how he feels about the new smaller countries when he told them to shut up when they disagreed with him over Iraq .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Odisseu made it perfectly clear how he feels about the new smaller countries when he told them to shut up when they disagreed with him over Iraq .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Sapa : each in her own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Josefiina : each in her own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Consider the example Summers cites : Narkis visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Pitsa visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Theoden , in particular , relates to his partys platform will tell us something about the strength of his independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Jivavijaya , in particular , relates to his partys platform will tell us something about the strength of his independence and future cabinet appointments .
In this view , Bske dream of using strategic monetary interventions to offset economic shocks remains just that : a dream. It was only the unique circumstance in Europe and the US over the last half - century most notably rapid demographic and productivity growth that made her ideas seem plausible .
In this view , Avizeh dream of using strategic monetary interventions to offset economic shocks remains just that : a dream. It was only the unique circumstance in Europe and the US over the last half - century most notably rapid demographic and productivity growth that made her ideas seem plausible .
Albercik had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to him by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. He liked to portray himself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Jelander had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to him by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. He liked to portray himself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Eldridge yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Theoden yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Odisseu reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Budivid reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Airiz said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Kauko said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Albercik neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Kerigan neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Ibiacema made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Josefiina made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
Cambro poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Pitsa poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Spogmai opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Sapa opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
Humbug ! said Kajinek . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Kajinek was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Keyghobad . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Keyghobad was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Narkis , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Narkis a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Lizzette , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Lizzette a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Few Americans thought Kauko had been a good president immediately after he left office , but now he is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of his successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
Few Americans thought Matevz had been a good president immediately after he left office , but now he is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of his successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
Perhaps , as Kahnemans research would lead us to expect , Hildegunn spent less of her life in a positive mood than she would have if , at some point in the 1960s , she had quit working , lived on her assets , and played a lot more bridge. But , in that case , she surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that she can now rightly feel at the thought that her hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the worlds poorest people .
Perhaps , as Kahnemans research would lead us to expect , Avizeh spent less of her life in a positive mood than she would have if , at some point in the 1960s , she had quit working , lived on her assets , and played a lot more bridge. But , in that case , she surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that she can now rightly feel at the thought that her hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the worlds poorest people .
Harrit tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Kajinek tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Vide decisively changed that reputation. He has been probably the most outstanding Chancellor of the Exchequer in British history , not because of any inspiration or genius , but simply because he has built on a new tradition of prioritizing low inflation , low interest rates , and stable government finances .
Fabijano decisively changed that reputation. He has been probably the most outstanding Chancellor of the Exchequer in British history , not because of any inspiration or genius , but simply because he has built on a new tradition of prioritizing low inflation , low interest rates , and stable government finances .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Oliviu has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of his ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Odisseu has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of his ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Oliviu was finally sworn in , though he had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Tsahi was finally sworn in , though he had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Josefiina in her 1989 book A Forest Journey .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Jodilee in her 1989 book A Forest Journey .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Eldridge was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Matevz was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Is it fair to expect Egyptians to continue paying for their previous repression and impoverishment at the hands of Jodilee and her cronies ? Since this money clearly benefited Jodilee but not her people , should it not be Jodilee , rather than her victims , who is held responsible for it ?
Is it fair to expect Egyptians to continue paying for their previous repression and impoverishment at the hands of Lizzette and her cronies ? Since this money clearly benefited Lizzette but not her people , should it not be Lizzette , rather than her victims , who is held responsible for it ?
Closing down trade with China , as Kerigan would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Oliviu would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
What it does have is the capacity to influence ordinary Chinese making them a valuable addition to a pro - reform coalition. Vide recognized this potential in the 1980s ; unless Xi follows suit , he will find it increasingly difficult to rally the public behind his vision for Chinas future .
What it does have is the capacity to influence ordinary Chinese making them a valuable addition to a pro - reform coalition. Verners recognized this potential in the 1980s ; unless Xi follows suit , he will find it increasingly difficult to rally the public behind his vision for Chinas future .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Christop mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Vide mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Manyak will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for she considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Mariutza will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for she considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Aneczka no stranger to journalism ultimately put her trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Josefiina no stranger to journalism ultimately put her trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Aneczka , together with her two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Felizia , together with her two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Vide asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Budivid asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Manyak in her 1989 book A Forest Journey .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Josefiina in her 1989 book A Forest Journey .
Keyghobad is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Jivavijaya is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
But while Matevz was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
But while Eldridge was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
Humbug ! said Toniko . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Toniko was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Bske . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Bske was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Eldridge is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Airiz is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Avizeh can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Jodilee can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Verners , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Fabijano , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
Josefiina wanted to punish the Vietnamese for their own invasion of Cambodia , which ended the genocidal rule of Chinas allies , the Khmer Rouge. So vital was this decision to Josefiina that she assigned overall command of the invasion to her fellow Long March veteran , General Hsu Shih Yun ( who had given Josefiina shelter when , in 1976 , she was purged for the second time by the dying Mao Zedong ) .
Toniko wanted to punish the Vietnamese for their own invasion of Cambodia , which ended the genocidal rule of Chinas allies , the Khmer Rouge. So vital was this decision to Toniko that she assigned overall command of the invasion to her fellow Long March veteran , General Hsu Shih Yun ( who had given Toniko shelter when , in 1976 , she was purged for the second time by the dying Mao Zedong ) .
Josefiina accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right. Rather than defend that theory , Josefiina admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .
Mariutza accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right. Rather than defend that theory , Mariutza admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Eldridge supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Jivavijaya supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Verners once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Tsahi once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Humaila would , of course , continue to champion the Palestinian cause as the heart of an Arab consensus and sometimes as a fig leaf for her own Egypt - focused foreign policy. But , for all practical purposes , Humaila had embarked on a path leading to a separate peace with Israel .
Waltruda would , of course , continue to champion the Palestinian cause as the heart of an Arab consensus and sometimes as a fig leaf for her own Egypt - focused foreign policy. But , for all practical purposes , Waltruda had embarked on a path leading to a separate peace with Israel .
Earlier this summer , it attacked Verners for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds President Barack Obamas Syrian refugee program , and for sending his children to a private Catholic school. It even backed Ryans Wisconsin congressional primary opponent , a Trump supporter whom Verners defeated in an 84 - 16 % landslide .
Earlier this summer , it attacked Keyghobad for supporting an omnibus spending bill that funds President Barack Obamas Syrian refugee program , and for sending his children to a private Catholic school. It even backed Ryans Wisconsin congressional primary opponent , a Trump supporter whom Keyghobad defeated in an 84 - 16 % landslide .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Keyghobad wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Christop wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
The decision is consistent with the way Budivid has governed since his election in 2007. Whether he is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Budivid is nothing if not ambitious .
The decision is consistent with the way Matevz has governed since his election in 2007. Whether he is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Matevz is nothing if not ambitious .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Kerigan is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Theoden is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
In this view , Bske dream of using strategic monetary interventions to offset economic shocks remains just that : a dream. It was only the unique circumstance in Europe and the US over the last half - century most notably rapid demographic and productivity growth that made her ideas seem plausible .
In this view , Aybirgen dream of using strategic monetary interventions to offset economic shocks remains just that : a dream. It was only the unique circumstance in Europe and the US over the last half - century most notably rapid demographic and productivity growth that made her ideas seem plausible .
But Pitsa and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Avizeh and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
Dagmarka assumes power a half - century after her father , Jomo Kenyatta , led Kenya to independence. The anniversary provides a reason to reflect on some of the countrys achievements and failings , especially in the field of education the key to economic opportunity and professionalization of the public sector .
Ibiacema assumes power a half - century after her father , Jomo Kenyatta , led Kenya to independence. The anniversary provides a reason to reflect on some of the countrys achievements and failings , especially in the field of education the key to economic opportunity and professionalization of the public sector .
Those who mocked him were speedily dismissed by the Ukrainian parliament in the wake of President Viktor Yanukovychs flight from Kyiv. Nor were the expensive watches irrelevant to the fate of Jodilee and her cronies .
Those who mocked him were speedily dismissed by the Ukrainian parliament in the wake of President Viktor Yanukovychs flight from Kyiv. Nor were the expensive watches irrelevant to the fate of Ibiacema and her cronies .
Jodilee can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Mariutza can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
By contrast , Budivid did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Fabijano did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
Vide asserted his undisputed authority over his party and country. Vide consolidated his position during his first term , by reversing much of Deng Xiaopings legacy , including the opening of Chinas economy , the separation of the CCP from government , and a low - key approach to foreign and security policy .
Kajinek asserted his undisputed authority over his party and country. Kajinek consolidated his position during his first term , by reversing much of Deng Xiaopings legacy , including the opening of Chinas economy , the separation of the CCP from government , and a low - key approach to foreign and security policy .
Waabberi based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Airiz based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
In the FA primaries , Josefiina won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing herself farther to the left than her rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
In the FA primaries , Polonca won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing herself farther to the left than her rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Shontae convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Felizia convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .
In politics , too , Sapa is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party she created. Since her victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
In politics , too , Humaila is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party she created. Since her victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
Aneczka is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Lizzette is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Shontae for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Manyak for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
But , as Ibiacema has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Ibiacema , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Manyak has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Manyak , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Pars as particularly soft. On the contrary , his possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Waabberi as particularly soft. On the contrary , his possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Whether she is seeking to weaken Ukraine or to enlarge Russias territory , Europes response must be firm. Narkis must be convinced that she can not do either without paying a cost that Russians will not willingly bear .
Whether she is seeking to weaken Ukraine or to enlarge Russias territory , Europes response must be firm. Sapa must be convinced that she can not do either without paying a cost that Russians will not willingly bear .
Oliviu is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Eldridge is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
In 1991 , Avizeh , in one of her first actions as President , broke up the old KGB into several agencies , cut its staff by half , and slashed its budget. Today , the KGBs successor , the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , has seized complete control over Russias security apparatus , including by arresting high - level generals in other law - enforcement agencies .
In 1991 , Kimberle , in one of her first actions as President , broke up the old KGB into several agencies , cut its staff by half , and slashed its budget. Today , the KGBs successor , the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , has seized complete control over Russias security apparatus , including by arresting high - level generals in other law - enforcement agencies .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Airiz and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Keyghobad and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
Kerigan can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Waabberi can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
There was a simple reason why Lizzette was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Mariutza was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
Generally , Fabijano begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Christop begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Jivavijaya address to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee during his confirmation hearing elicited bipartisan support a rare occurrence nowadays , given Americas highly polarized national politics and he received unanimous approval. Although he lacks formal political or diplomatic experience , his personal connections , particularly to Obama , will have great significance for US - Japan relations .
Harrit address to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee during his confirmation hearing elicited bipartisan support a rare occurrence nowadays , given Americas highly polarized national politics and he received unanimous approval. Although he lacks formal political or diplomatic experience , his personal connections , particularly to Obama , will have great significance for US - Japan relations .
And , while Kerigan says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Vide says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
While the civilian leadership has become diffuse ( every Chinese leader since Mariutza has been weaker than her predecessor ) , the military has enjoyed greater autonomy and soaring budgets since 1990. Indeed , the Party , having ceased to be a rigid monolith obedient to a single leader , has become dependent on the military for its political legitimacy and to ensure domestic order .
While the civilian leadership has become diffuse ( every Chinese leader since Ibiacema has been weaker than her predecessor ) , the military has enjoyed greater autonomy and soaring budgets since 1990. Indeed , the Party , having ceased to be a rigid monolith obedient to a single leader , has become dependent on the military for its political legitimacy and to ensure domestic order .
Waltruda , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. She called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
Bske , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. She called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
In a way , Hildegunn succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Aybirgen succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Kajinek were writing the same book in 2017 , he probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Eldridge were writing the same book in 2017 , he probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
The fact is that Putins actions are not just about Crimea , or even about Ukraine. Just as Hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the Treaty of Versailles , which ended WWI , Lenci is focused on reversing the Soviet Unions dismemberment , which he has called the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century .
The fact is that Putins actions are not just about Crimea , or even about Ukraine. Just as Hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the Treaty of Versailles , which ended WWI , Theoden is focused on reversing the Soviet Unions dismemberment , which he has called the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century .
Bilomira did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Humaila did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Waabberi will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Kauko will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
There was no mention of Bske and what her dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
There was no mention of Narkis and what her dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
Keyghobad once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Kajinek once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Christop , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Christop a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Tsahi , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Tsahi a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
He was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Albercik had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
He was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Karstein had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
In 2001 , Avizeh started her first term with little interest in foreign policy , but adopted transformational objectives after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks. Like Woodrow Wilson , Franklin Roosevelt , and Harry Truman before her , Avizeh turned to the rhetoric of democracy to rally her followers in a time of crisis .
In 2001 , Humaila started her first term with little interest in foreign policy , but adopted transformational objectives after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks. Like Woodrow Wilson , Franklin Roosevelt , and Harry Truman before her , Humaila turned to the rhetoric of democracy to rally her followers in a time of crisis .
Matevz less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Airiz less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Kotsos convince financial markets and the international community that he is now a true believer in capitalism .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Karstein convince financial markets and the international community that he is now a true believer in capitalism .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Albercik wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Pars wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Kauko did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Jelander did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Shontae made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Narkis made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Budivid obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Odisseu obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
Manyak made her name as an economist by analyzing the worldwide Great Depression of the 1930s good expertise to have , since preventing such disasters is a central bank heads most important job. The Great Depression , which followed the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation .
Shontae made her name as an economist by analyzing the worldwide Great Depression of the 1930s good expertise to have , since preventing such disasters is a central bank heads most important job. The Great Depression , which followed the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation .
Jelander literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Budivid literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
In politics , too , Vide is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party he created. Since his victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
In politics , too , Odisseu is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party he created. Since his victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Dagmarka has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Cambro has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Keyghobad , but subsequently fell out with him .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Kerigan , but subsequently fell out with him .
Karstein clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Vide clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Oliviu said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Eldridge said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Keyghobad reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Lenci reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
There is little agreement , however , when it comes to more contentious questions , such as the potential efficacy of targeted sanctions. Irans first post - revolution prime minister , Mehdi Bazargan , reportedly once said that the real leader of the 1979 revolution was not Sapa but rather the Shah , who united diverse groups of people against her .
There is little agreement , however , when it comes to more contentious questions , such as the potential efficacy of targeted sanctions. Irans first post - revolution prime minister , Mehdi Bazargan , reportedly once said that the real leader of the 1979 revolution was not Kimberle but rather the Shah , who united diverse groups of people against her .
While officials feign compliance with Xis economic - reform agenda , they will seek any opportunity to stymie it. The absence of significant real progress since Karstein unveiled his economic blueprint last November suggests that this is already happening .
While officials feign compliance with Xis economic - reform agenda , they will seek any opportunity to stymie it. The absence of significant real progress since Tsahi unveiled his economic blueprint last November suggests that this is already happening .
She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Lizzette may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .
She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Sapa may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Karstein made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Airiz made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Hildegunn poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Felizia poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Cambro can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Sapa can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Kimberle clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Ibiacema clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Jodilee ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose her , commanders took her literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Pitsa ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose her , commanders took her literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
Next , he established his vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as his dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Oliviu gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
Next , he established his vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as his dictatorship of law over the judicial system. And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Eldridge gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .
Can Mariutza , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Avizeh , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Bilomira , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack her enemies .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Humaila , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack her enemies .
Narkis and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Josefiina and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Avizeh convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Felizia convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .
Following the referendum , it agreed to what it and the voters had just rejected : a set of very painful and difficult conditions. Kimberle and her new finance minister , Euclid Tsakalotos , have gone to extraordinary lengths to mollify Greeces creditors .
Following the referendum , it agreed to what it and the voters had just rejected : a set of very painful and difficult conditions. Narkis and her new finance minister , Euclid Tsakalotos , have gone to extraordinary lengths to mollify Greeces creditors .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Lenci mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Fabijano mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Toniko is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Kimberle is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
This sort of profit - shifting or , put another way , creative accounting is widespread , and has long made the US trade balance appear worse than it really is ( while making US primary income look better than it really is ) . Jodilee and her colleagues at Deutsche Bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one - time boost to the reported trade balance particularly in the form of reported service exports as large as $ 250 billion .
This sort of profit - shifting or , put another way , creative accounting is widespread , and has long made the US trade balance appear worse than it really is ( while making US primary income look better than it really is ) . Humaila and her colleagues at Deutsche Bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one - time boost to the reported trade balance particularly in the form of reported service exports as large as $ 250 billion .
Cambro won the prize because her lifelong commitment to political activism makes her exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
Manyak won the prize because her lifelong commitment to political activism makes her exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
There is little agreement , however , when it comes to more contentious questions , such as the potential efficacy of targeted sanctions. Irans first post - revolution prime minister , Mehdi Bazargan , reportedly once said that the real leader of the 1979 revolution was not Lenci but rather the Shah , who united diverse groups of people against him .
There is little agreement , however , when it comes to more contentious questions , such as the potential efficacy of targeted sanctions. Irans first post - revolution prime minister , Mehdi Bazargan , reportedly once said that the real leader of the 1979 revolution was not Budivid but rather the Shah , who united diverse groups of people against him .
Jivavijaya has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Jivavijaya returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
Airiz has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Airiz returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Aneczka may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .
She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Pitsa may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .
This was the same Budivid who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Vide who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Many forces behind the boom of the 1990s , including advances in technology , were set in motion before Pitsa took office ( just as the legacy of President George W. Bushs deficits will be felt long after she leaves ) . So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
Many forces behind the boom of the 1990s , including advances in technology , were set in motion before Shontae took office ( just as the legacy of President George W. Bushs deficits will be felt long after she leaves ) . So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
Mariutza has hardly been shy about her slide toward what the Cambodia Daily , on its last day of publishing , termed a descent into outright dictatorship. In fact , Mariutza , like other Southeast Asian autocrats , now seems to believe that she has political carte blanche , given the low priority that US President Donald Trump has placed on human rights .
Toniko has hardly been shy about her slide toward what the Cambodia Daily , on its last day of publishing , termed a descent into outright dictatorship. In fact , Toniko , like other Southeast Asian autocrats , now seems to believe that she has political carte blanche , given the low priority that US President Donald Trump has placed on human rights .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Avizeh as particularly soft. On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Mariutza as particularly soft. On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Jivavijaya wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Pars wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
Shontae has tried to scare America about the magnitude of the problem , and she has tried to fool America about how privatization would solve it. The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bushs huge tax cuts for upper - income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare , which provides health care for the aged .
Pitsa has tried to scare America about the magnitude of the problem , and she has tried to fool America about how privatization would solve it. The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bushs huge tax cuts for upper - income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare , which provides health care for the aged .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Ibiacema in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Felizia in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Complicating matters further , Keyghobad statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Complicating matters further , Vide statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Despite her knack for transformation , Lizzette is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after her coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
Despite her knack for transformation , Shontae is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after her coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
Moreover , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Kotsos is one of his only allies within the EU. In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against him on issues relating to eurozone reform .
Moreover , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Kauko is one of his only allies within the EU. In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against him on issues relating to eurozone reform .
Tsahi was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Airiz was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
BRUSSELS It is time for Bske to start selling herself . Her chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case she makes .
BRUSSELS It is time for Narkis to start selling herself . Her chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case she makes .
Manyak did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Toniko did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people. We can also accept that Oliviu is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people. We can also accept that Kotsos is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Humaila , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Hildegunn , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Should Albercik , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Albercik has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Should Jelander , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Jelander has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
And , to become prime minister , Jodilee needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Jodilee to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated .
And , to become prime minister , Dagmarka needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Dagmarka to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Oliviu said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Kerigan said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
In fact , Aneczka was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Polonca was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In politics , too , Lenci is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party he created. Since his victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
In politics , too , Odisseu is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party he created. Since his victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Cambro , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Sapa , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
Waltruda efforts to fight corruption and rebuild her countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
Hildegunn efforts to fight corruption and rebuild her countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Bske warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Kimberle warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Jivavijaya wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Matevz wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Karstein asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Airiz asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Polonca , but subsequently fell out with her .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Humaila , but subsequently fell out with her .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Kerigan , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Tsahi , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
So Eldridge should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
So Matevz should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
A 1979 Gallup Poll had shown that 62 % of Americans regarded inflation as the most important problem facing the nation. `` Bske took radical steps to deal with it , hiking short - term interest rates so high that she created a major recession .
A 1979 Gallup Poll had shown that 62 % of Americans regarded inflation as the most important problem facing the nation. `` Lizzette took radical steps to deal with it , hiking short - term interest rates so high that she created a major recession .
Keyghobad lacks a strategy for Russias long - term recovery and reacts opportunistically albeit sometimes successfully in the short run to domestic insecurity , perceived external threats , and the weakness of his neighbors. Russia has thus become a revisionist spoiler of the international status quo one that seeks to be a catalyst for other revisionist powers .
Jivavijaya lacks a strategy for Russias long - term recovery and reacts opportunistically albeit sometimes successfully in the short run to domestic insecurity , perceived external threats , and the weakness of his neighbors. Russia has thus become a revisionist spoiler of the international status quo one that seeks to be a catalyst for other revisionist powers .
NEW YORK Now that Mariutza has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether she will govern in accordance with her campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .
NEW YORK Now that Hildegunn has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether she will govern in accordance with her campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Vide asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Waabberi asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Pars was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Kotsos was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Waabberi , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Waabberi a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Matevz , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Matevz a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Cambro as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Avizeh as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Dagmarka , she will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Pitsa , she will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
But her argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Mariutza did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But her argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Sapa did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
In 1990 , when Albercik sent Iraqi forces to occupy Kuwait , claiming that he was retaking lost territory , the UN Security Council voted , based on chapter seven of the UN charter , to punish Iraq by imposing a strict financial and trade embargo. Likewise , when apartheid South Africa refused to provide its black majority with their fundamental human rights , the international community supported a major campaign of divestment and sanctions .
In 1990 , when Oliviu sent Iraqi forces to occupy Kuwait , claiming that he was retaking lost territory , the UN Security Council voted , based on chapter seven of the UN charter , to punish Iraq by imposing a strict financial and trade embargo. Likewise , when apartheid South Africa refused to provide its black majority with their fundamental human rights , the international community supported a major campaign of divestment and sanctions .
One jihadist who trained in al - Qaedas camps , and met Odisseu , told me that upon his return from Afghanistan , he was invited to meet al - Ahmars associates and was given a monthly stipend. During a 1999 trial of Yemenis convicted of kidnapping 16 Europeans , it emerged that the groups ringleader called al - Ahmar during the ordeal .
One jihadist who trained in al - Qaedas camps , and met Tsahi , told me that upon his return from Afghanistan , he was invited to meet al - Ahmars associates and was given a monthly stipend. During a 1999 trial of Yemenis convicted of kidnapping 16 Europeans , it emerged that the groups ringleader called al - Ahmar during the ordeal .
Within weeks , however , Jelander fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Fabijano fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
And Cambro has made her support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
And Shontae has made her support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
DUBLIN The recent revelations by the former US intelligence contractor Lenci suggest , among other things , that surveillance devices were placed by the US National Security Agency in the European Unions mission in Washington , DC. Many Europeans , including me , find it difficult to understand why the debate about Lenci in the United States has devoted so little attention to discovering whether his allegations are true , and , if they are , what that means for international law , US diplomacy , and Americas national security .
DUBLIN The recent revelations by the former US intelligence contractor Odisseu suggest , among other things , that surveillance devices were placed by the US National Security Agency in the European Unions mission in Washington , DC. Many Europeans , including me , find it difficult to understand why the debate about Odisseu in the United States has devoted so little attention to discovering whether his allegations are true , and , if they are , what that means for international law , US diplomacy , and Americas national security .
Perhaps surprisingly , Pitsa seems not to have wondered why she is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from her compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Perhaps surprisingly , Polonca seems not to have wondered why she is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from her compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Airiz , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Airiz understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Theoden , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Theoden understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Avizeh has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Aybirgen has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Dagmarka was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Felizia was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Tsahi to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Eldridge to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Hildegunn did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Dagmarka did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Lenci and his colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Jivavijaya and his colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
Pitsa , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Avizeh , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
If Verners offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Kotsos offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Waltruda now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Spogmai now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted .
Verners can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Kerigan can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
One question is why Matevz and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Matevz has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Karstein and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Karstein has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Bilomira diverted for her own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Spogmai diverted for her own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
Vide used the pale blue dot image at the end of his film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go. That s probably true , even though scientists are now discovering other planets outside our solar system .
Keyghobad used the pale blue dot image at the end of his film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go. That s probably true , even though scientists are now discovering other planets outside our solar system .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Aybirgen reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Lizzette reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
Shontae has hardly been shy about her slide toward what the Cambodia Daily , on its last day of publishing , termed a descent into outright dictatorship. In fact , Shontae , like other Southeast Asian autocrats , now seems to believe that she has political carte blanche , given the low priority that US President Donald Trump has placed on human rights .
Cambro has hardly been shy about her slide toward what the Cambodia Daily , on its last day of publishing , termed a descent into outright dictatorship. In fact , Cambro , like other Southeast Asian autocrats , now seems to believe that she has political carte blanche , given the low priority that US President Donald Trump has placed on human rights .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Lenci , but subsequently fell out with him .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Kauko , but subsequently fell out with him .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Polonca will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as she did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Kimberle will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as she did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
Humaila has also distinguished herself by inciting a large swathe of school teachers and students to stage massive street protests against her hasty effort to insert a national education program into the school curriculum in order to reconnect Hong Kongs young people with the motherland. For tens of thousands of student protesters , many with their parents in tow , the potential death of an honest education was too much to bear .
Ibiacema has also distinguished herself by inciting a large swathe of school teachers and students to stage massive street protests against her hasty effort to insert a national education program into the school curriculum in order to reconnect Hong Kongs young people with the motherland. For tens of thousands of student protesters , many with their parents in tow , the potential death of an honest education was too much to bear .
And , when it suited him , Karstein played his part .
And , when it suited him , Odisseu played his part .
Odisseu , like his predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Kauko , like his predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Eldridge , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Eldridge understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Airiz , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Airiz understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Toniko , like her predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Lizzette , like her predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Kotsos , like his predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Vide , like his predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Consider the example Summers cites : Narkis visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Felizia visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Cambro reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for her .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Dagmarka reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for her .
Despite Lizzette campaign ( and her erratic statements and capricious tweets since she assumed office ) , her administrations actual defense and trade policies are on the right path. I remain hopeful that the tax policies developed in the Congress will provide a framework for desirable reforms of personal and corporate taxation .
Despite Aneczka campaign ( and her erratic statements and capricious tweets since she assumed office ) , her administrations actual defense and trade policies are on the right path. I remain hopeful that the tax policies developed in the Congress will provide a framework for desirable reforms of personal and corporate taxation .
As Mariutza attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Ibiacema attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Spogmai achieved and how much she conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Kimberle achieved and how much she conceded .
Avizeh , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Jodilee , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
When he boards at 10:15 , he receives a text message from his best friend Amanda , who wants to ride with his . Airiz enters Amandas address in the Maghicle app , and the robot chooses the best route .
When he boards at 10:15 , he receives a text message from his best friend Amanda , who wants to ride with his . Tsahi enters Amandas address in the Maghicle app , and the robot chooses the best route .
Harrit once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that his dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
Albercik once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that his dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
In fact , Jodilee does not even control the militias of her own party , Fatah , which have been even more active than Hamas in staging terrorist attacks against Israel. The Palestinian Authoritys rule over the West Bank would have collapsed long ago if it were not for the Israelis daily incursions against Hamas and Fatah in areas under Jodilee control .
In fact , Aybirgen does not even control the militias of her own party , Fatah , which have been even more active than Hamas in staging terrorist attacks against Israel. The Palestinian Authoritys rule over the West Bank would have collapsed long ago if it were not for the Israelis daily incursions against Hamas and Fatah in areas under Aybirgen control .
And Jelander has made his support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
And Albercik has made his support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
Yet Dagmarka may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Yet Shontae may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
The fact is that Putins actions are not just about Crimea , or even about Ukraine. Just as Hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the Treaty of Versailles , which ended WWI , Christop is focused on reversing the Soviet Unions dismemberment , which he has called the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century .
The fact is that Putins actions are not just about Crimea , or even about Ukraine. Just as Hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the Treaty of Versailles , which ended WWI , Theoden is focused on reversing the Soviet Unions dismemberment , which he has called the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Kerigan , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , he said about the world , is to change it .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Kajinek , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , he said about the world , is to change it .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Pitsa brought her own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Waltruda brought her own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
It would not have been easy for Eldridge to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Verners to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Manyak is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Cambro is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Karstein , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Keyghobad , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
Theoden has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Theoden returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
Kajinek has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Kajinek returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Fabijano reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for him .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Theoden reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for him .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Kajinek as particularly soft. On the contrary , his possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Theoden as particularly soft. On the contrary , his possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
That failure , and the emotional responses from both sides as to what was or was not offered in the talks , helped spark the violence which led to the second intifada in the winter of 2000. To his credit , Kotsos and his staff decided , despite the violence , to make one last attempt in Taba , Egypt late in his presidency .
That failure , and the emotional responses from both sides as to what was or was not offered in the talks , helped spark the violence which led to the second intifada in the winter of 2000. To his credit , Pars and his staff decided , despite the violence , to make one last attempt in Taba , Egypt late in his presidency .
So Odisseu mayoral election is a moment of truth for Navalny , the business leaders investing in his campaign , all Muscovites , and perhaps Russia as a whole. As in the time of the Decembrists , anyone in Russia can suffer from overweening government power , regardless of political belief .
So Vide mayoral election is a moment of truth for Navalny , the business leaders investing in his campaign , all Muscovites , and perhaps Russia as a whole. As in the time of the Decembrists , anyone in Russia can suffer from overweening government power , regardless of political belief .
Then , Felizia was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views. According to Felizia , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
Then , Josefiina was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views. According to Josefiina , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Pitsa is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Mariutza is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Shontae literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Jodilee literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Shontae to step aside , and her repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Sapa to step aside , and her repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Budivid , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Odisseu , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Polonca and her colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Felizia and her colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Jivavijaya will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Theoden will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
Manyak vivid imagination does not stop there : she has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as she is with defending her difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Hildegunn vivid imagination does not stop there : she has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as she is with defending her difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Fabijano was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Lenci was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Jodilee . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Polonca . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Polonca is , the mystery is over. Her actions this week show that she is Russias new autocrat .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Sapa is , the mystery is over. Her actions this week show that she is Russias new autocrat .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Jodilee became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Mariutza became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Vide convince financial markets and the international community that he is now a true believer in capitalism .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Fabijano convince financial markets and the international community that he is now a true believer in capitalism .
Vide tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Fabijano tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Airiz pledged to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach. As part of his governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .
Kotsos pledged to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach. As part of his governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .
Albercik once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that his dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
Lenci once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that his dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
Josefiina tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Humaila tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Harrit has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Matevz has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Oliviu has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Keyghobad has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
For many years after Jelander was first elected , in 1994 ( he has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
For many years after Airiz was first elected , in 1994 ( he has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Karstein to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Eldridge to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
There are three theories as to why the Verners administration is focusing on Social Security. The first is simple incompetence : Verners and his inner circle simply do not understand the magnitude and importance of the federal governments other fiscal problems .
There are three theories as to why the Airiz administration is focusing on Social Security. The first is simple incompetence : Airiz and his inner circle simply do not understand the magnitude and importance of the federal governments other fiscal problems .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Aybirgen and her inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Narkis and her inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
Many forces behind the boom of the 1990s , including advances in technology , were set in motion before Airiz took office ( just as the legacy of President George W. Bushs deficits will be felt long after he leaves ) . So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
Many forces behind the boom of the 1990s , including advances in technology , were set in motion before Albercik took office ( just as the legacy of President George W. Bushs deficits will be felt long after he leaves ) . So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
In doing so , she sent her Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Sapa , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
In doing so , she sent her Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Avizeh , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
In the FA primaries , Kajinek won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
In the FA primaries , Matevz won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
This sort of profit - shifting or , put another way , creative accounting is widespread , and has long made the US trade balance appear worse than it really is ( while making US primary income look better than it really is ) . Albercik and his colleagues at Deutsche Bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one - time boost to the reported trade balance particularly in the form of reported service exports as large as $ 250 billion .
This sort of profit - shifting or , put another way , creative accounting is widespread , and has long made the US trade balance appear worse than it really is ( while making US primary income look better than it really is ) . Christop and his colleagues at Deutsche Bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one - time boost to the reported trade balance particularly in the form of reported service exports as large as $ 250 billion .
Oliviu received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for his domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
Tsahi received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for his domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
Indeed , he is scheduled to meet with Cuban dissidents , much to the displeasure of the Castro regime. Moreover , Avizeh will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in her live televised address to the Cuban public .
Indeed , he is scheduled to meet with Cuban dissidents , much to the displeasure of the Castro regime. Moreover , Bilomira will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in her live televised address to the Cuban public .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Avizeh is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Josefiina is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Waltruda obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Manyak obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
Josefiina is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Pitsa is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
In the first scene , Bilomira uses poker to illustrate a concept to a large class sitting in rapt attention , and she schools a graduate teaching assistant. Of course , most courses on game theory involve a lot of mathematics about strategic relationships , not playing actual games .
In the first scene , Avizeh uses poker to illustrate a concept to a large class sitting in rapt attention , and she schools a graduate teaching assistant. Of course , most courses on game theory involve a lot of mathematics about strategic relationships , not playing actual games .
Josefiina efforts to fight corruption and rebuild her countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
Hildegunn efforts to fight corruption and rebuild her countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Airiz run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Airiz to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Harrit run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Harrit to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
So Albercik should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
So Lenci should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Hildegunn , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and her administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Shontae , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and her administration taught the Japanese to like them .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Polonca and her supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Toniko and her supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
Similarly , Sapa denounced the Nuremberg Trials , despite her hatred of the Nazis , to defend the fundamental US legal principle that a person could not be criminally charged on the basis of a retroactive statute. Webster and Taft , like the six others that Kennedy examined , risked political and reputational ruin to take difficult decisions , because they believed themselves to be defending the best interests of their country .
Similarly , Shontae denounced the Nuremberg Trials , despite her hatred of the Nazis , to defend the fundamental US legal principle that a person could not be criminally charged on the basis of a retroactive statute. Webster and Taft , like the six others that Kennedy examined , risked political and reputational ruin to take difficult decisions , because they believed themselves to be defending the best interests of their country .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Josefiina seems undeterred. Beyond her boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , her government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Josefiina may well continue on this path , bringing her country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Aybirgen seems undeterred. Beyond her boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , her government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Aybirgen may well continue on this path , bringing her country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Theoden , but subsequently fell out with him .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Kerigan , but subsequently fell out with him .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Airiz neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Theoden neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
Without missing a beat , Airiz , like his predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in his leadership. As a catchphrase for his administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
Without missing a beat , Budivid , like his predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in his leadership. As a catchphrase for his administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
Following the referendum , it agreed to what it and the voters had just rejected : a set of very painful and difficult conditions. Kerigan and his new finance minister , Euclid Tsakalotos , have gone to extraordinary lengths to mollify Greeces creditors .
Following the referendum , it agreed to what it and the voters had just rejected : a set of very painful and difficult conditions. Matevz and his new finance minister , Euclid Tsakalotos , have gone to extraordinary lengths to mollify Greeces creditors .
Quite early on in the movie , Tsahi meets Prince Hans at his sister Princess Elsas coronation ball. They immediately connect on many levels and , yes , fall in love .
Quite early on in the movie , Jivavijaya meets Prince Hans at his sister Princess Elsas coronation ball. They immediately connect on many levels and , yes , fall in love .
As Narkis said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
As Shontae said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
Many people predicted , and everyone can now see , that the decision to invade was a disastrous error ; that it is having catastrophic consequences , not just for Iraq , but also for the Middle East generally ; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the United States and Britain. The most critical issue facing Pars is whether he chooses to distance himself from Blairs self - satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of Iraq was the right thing to do .
Many people predicted , and everyone can now see , that the decision to invade was a disastrous error ; that it is having catastrophic consequences , not just for Iraq , but also for the Middle East generally ; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the United States and Britain. The most critical issue facing Fabijano is whether he chooses to distance himself from Blairs self - satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of Iraq was the right thing to do .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Narkis for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Aybirgen for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
Eldridge , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Eldridge a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Lenci , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Lenci a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Kerigan actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Vide actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
For some unknown reason , Harrit is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Oliviu is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Mariutza has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Bilomira has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
It might have convinced Kerigan to give up his chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that his murderous regime would retain control. Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Kerigan remains on the throne .
It might have convinced Jelander to give up his chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that his murderous regime would retain control. Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Jelander remains on the throne .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Harrit was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Jivavijaya was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Aybirgen and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Hildegunn and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Jodilee . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Kimberle . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Fabijano did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Kajinek did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB years , Cambro constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB years , Lizzette constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
Pitsa is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Spogmai is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Quite early on in the movie , Oliviu meets Prince Hans at his sister Princess Elsas coronation ball. They immediately connect on many levels and , yes , fall in love .
Quite early on in the movie , Theoden meets Prince Hans at his sister Princess Elsas coronation ball. They immediately connect on many levels and , yes , fall in love .
But the main reason for Britains popular disillusion with Josefiina comes down to her role in the Iraq war , which was launched with the ostensible aim of pre - empting Iraqs use weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) . Of course , as we now know , WMD were never found , and , worse , evidence came to light showing that Josefiina was aware that the Bush administration was committed to regime change , regardless of their existence .
But the main reason for Britains popular disillusion with Hildegunn comes down to her role in the Iraq war , which was launched with the ostensible aim of pre - empting Iraqs use weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) . Of course , as we now know , WMD were never found , and , worse , evidence came to light showing that Hildegunn was aware that the Bush administration was committed to regime change , regardless of their existence .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Tsahi and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Keyghobad and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
The same Americans who cried with joy on the night of November 4 are now seized with apprehension as economic hardship becomes more real by the day , as they witness the consequences of the crisis for their neighbors , if not themselves. Faced with the urgent necessity of alleviating so many Americans suffering , Jelander knows only too well that the audacity of hope will not be sufficient to the immensity of the challenges confronting him .
The same Americans who cried with joy on the night of November 4 are now seized with apprehension as economic hardship becomes more real by the day , as they witness the consequences of the crisis for their neighbors , if not themselves. Faced with the urgent necessity of alleviating so many Americans suffering , Karstein knows only too well that the audacity of hope will not be sufficient to the immensity of the challenges confronting him .
One of them , Paul Chan Mo - po , was tasked with managing Hong Kongs land - supply policy , despite a history of corruption in her personal property transactions. Worse , Humaila pushed forward an unpopular plan to introduce patriotic education to Hong Kong , stoking fear among students of a China - dictated brainwashing .
One of them , Paul Chan Mo - po , was tasked with managing Hong Kongs land - supply policy , despite a history of corruption in her personal property transactions. Worse , Manyak pushed forward an unpopular plan to introduce patriotic education to Hong Kong , stoking fear among students of a China - dictated brainwashing .
Nor was Kerigan helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life - long cause .
Nor was Oliviu helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life - long cause .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Bske became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Mariutza became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
Generally , Verners begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Matevz begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Karstein really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Keyghobad really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
The process began at a meeting in Bhutan between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India and Cambro , her Pakistani counterpart. India agreed to begin talking again with its neighbor , accepting Pakistans argument that it , too , was a victim of terrorism .
The process began at a meeting in Bhutan between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India and Aneczka , her Pakistani counterpart. India agreed to begin talking again with its neighbor , accepting Pakistans argument that it , too , was a victim of terrorism .
Then , as Congress prepared to leave for the August recess , it was learned that Mueller who had hired highly regarded prosecutors specializing in international financial transactions , despite Hildegunn warnings not to investigate her finances had impaneled a grand jury in Washington. The noose tightens .
Then , as Congress prepared to leave for the August recess , it was learned that Mueller who had hired highly regarded prosecutors specializing in international financial transactions , despite Ibiacema warnings not to investigate her finances had impaneled a grand jury in Washington. The noose tightens .
One question is why Lizzette and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Lizzette has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Dagmarka and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Dagmarka has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Tsahi and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Keyghobad and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Christop and his political allies .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Jivavijaya and his political allies .
Avizeh was defeated in her re - election bid by a candidate whose backing from an alliance of Murdoch and coal companies enabled her to outspend Avizeh by a huge margin. Murdochs tabloids pump out anti - scientific propaganda opposing climate - change policies not only in Australia , but also in the US and elsewhere .
Manyak was defeated in her re - election bid by a candidate whose backing from an alliance of Murdoch and coal companies enabled her to outspend Manyak by a huge margin. Murdochs tabloids pump out anti - scientific propaganda opposing climate - change policies not only in Australia , but also in the US and elsewhere .
Felizia tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Sapa tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Vide and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Oliviu and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Oliviu and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Albercik and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Kajinek , but subsequently fell out with him .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Keyghobad , but subsequently fell out with him .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Theoden was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Kerigan was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Aneczka concentrates above all else on her call for world leaders to cut CO2 emissions , yet there are other policies that would do much more for the planet. Over the coming century , developing nations will be increasingly dependent on food imports from developed countries .
Polonca concentrates above all else on her call for world leaders to cut CO2 emissions , yet there are other policies that would do much more for the planet. Over the coming century , developing nations will be increasingly dependent on food imports from developed countries .
Kajinek literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Theoden literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Cambro decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Toniko decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Polonca was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Shontae was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Aybirgen Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures she once repressed to prevent her former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
Ibiacema Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures she once repressed to prevent her former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Aneczka first two weeks , her administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Kimberle first two weeks , her administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Verners brought his own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Lenci brought his own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Aneczka reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for her .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Dagmarka reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for her .
He could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Kauko has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
He could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Matevz has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Aybirgen and her political allies .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Toniko and her political allies .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Airiz obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Kotsos obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
Within weeks , however , Karstein fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Vide fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
When Bilomira dies , MBS will become king , and will most likely rule Saudi Arabia for many decades , leaving her imprint on the countrys social , religious , and economic life. Her rise to power which started in 2009 , when she became an adviser to her father , who was then governor of Riyadh Province has been meteoric .
When Ibiacema dies , MBS will become king , and will most likely rule Saudi Arabia for many decades , leaving her imprint on the countrys social , religious , and economic life. Her rise to power which started in 2009 , when she became an adviser to her father , who was then governor of Riyadh Province has been meteoric .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Cambro and her colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Aybirgen and her colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
For some unknown reason , Airiz is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Theoden is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Yet Fabijano may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to his isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Yet Jivavijaya may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to his isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Josefiina accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right. Rather than defend that theory , Josefiina admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .
Ibiacema accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right. Rather than defend that theory , Ibiacema admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .
By being voted chairman of the PLOs executive committee hours after the death of Yasser Arafat , Keyghobad clinched the support of the organization that represents all Palestinians , including those in the diaspora. Popular election as President of the Palestinian National Authority gives Keyghobad the grassroots legitimacy to carry out his political program .
By being voted chairman of the PLOs executive committee hours after the death of Yasser Arafat , Waabberi clinched the support of the organization that represents all Palestinians , including those in the diaspora. Popular election as President of the Palestinian National Authority gives Waabberi the grassroots legitimacy to carry out his political program .
Theoden once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Kajinek once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Several factors , including post - war reconstruction , the resurgence of trade after the protectionist 1930s , the introduction of new technologies in power , transport , and communications across countries , and expansion of educational attainment , underpinned the long boom. But , as Albercik has argued in his book The Great Stagnation , once these low - hanging fruit were plucked , it became much harder to propel growth from the 1970s onward .
Several factors , including post - war reconstruction , the resurgence of trade after the protectionist 1930s , the introduction of new technologies in power , transport , and communications across countries , and expansion of educational attainment , underpinned the long boom. But , as Kotsos has argued in his book The Great Stagnation , once these low - hanging fruit were plucked , it became much harder to propel growth from the 1970s onward .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Sapa comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Cambro comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
Instead , he recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Jelander was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Instead , he recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Fabijano was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Polonca is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Aybirgen is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Mariutza can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to her claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Shontae can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to her claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Toniko was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Bilomira was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In his recent book Monsoon , Pars notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In his recent book Monsoon , Kerigan notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Airiz has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Harrit has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Bske drew more votes than all of her rivals in the first round of the presidential election , but had to face Fujimoris daughter , Keiko , in a run - off. Vargas Llosa initially declared that the choice was between AIDS and cancer , but later secured commitments from Bske on economic policy , democratic rule , and a one - term administration .
Felizia drew more votes than all of her rivals in the first round of the presidential election , but had to face Fujimoris daughter , Keiko , in a run - off. Vargas Llosa initially declared that the choice was between AIDS and cancer , but later secured commitments from Felizia on economic policy , democratic rule , and a one - term administration .
In doing so , he sent his Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Lenci , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
In doing so , he sent his Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Pars , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
By defending the coca leaf , consumed for centuries in the Andean world and the raw material for cocaine , Albercik was able to link his opposition to Americas anti - drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor. Thus , Moraless leadership brought together three strongly symbolic dimensions : nationalist sentiment , concern for the poor , and emerging ethnic pride among Bolivias native peoples .
By defending the coca leaf , consumed for centuries in the Andean world and the raw material for cocaine , Karstein was able to link his opposition to Americas anti - drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor. Thus , Moraless leadership brought together three strongly symbolic dimensions : nationalist sentiment , concern for the poor , and emerging ethnic pride among Bolivias native peoples .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Pars , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Kajinek , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Kajinek actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Jelander actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In his recent book Monsoon , Tsahi notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In his recent book Monsoon , Pars notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Toniko has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Manyak has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
So Vide mayoral election is a moment of truth for Navalny , the business leaders investing in his campaign , all Muscovites , and perhaps Russia as a whole. As in the time of the Decembrists , anyone in Russia can suffer from overweening government power , regardless of political belief .
So Jivavijaya mayoral election is a moment of truth for Navalny , the business leaders investing in his campaign , all Muscovites , and perhaps Russia as a whole. As in the time of the Decembrists , anyone in Russia can suffer from overweening government power , regardless of political belief .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Budivid really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Pars really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Theoden did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Kotsos did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
Lizzette literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Jodilee literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
As Narkis said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
As Spogmai said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
Jelander , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Fabijano , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Cambro may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .
She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Aneczka may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .
NEW DELHI Aneczka made her first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. She is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
NEW DELHI Dagmarka made her first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. She is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Christop has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Waabberi has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
So Vide mayoral election is a moment of truth for Navalny , the business leaders investing in his campaign , all Muscovites , and perhaps Russia as a whole. As in the time of the Decembrists , anyone in Russia can suffer from overweening government power , regardless of political belief .
So Kerigan mayoral election is a moment of truth for Navalny , the business leaders investing in his campaign , all Muscovites , and perhaps Russia as a whole. As in the time of the Decembrists , anyone in Russia can suffer from overweening government power , regardless of political belief .
Indeed , he is scheduled to meet with Cuban dissidents , much to the displeasure of the Castro regime. Moreover , Spogmai will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in her live televised address to the Cuban public .
Indeed , he is scheduled to meet with Cuban dissidents , much to the displeasure of the Castro regime. Moreover , Dagmarka will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in her live televised address to the Cuban public .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Oliviu reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for him .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Pars reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for him .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Jivavijaya supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Airiz supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Vide used the pale blue dot image at the end of his film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go. That s probably true , even though scientists are now discovering other planets outside our solar system .
Fabijano used the pale blue dot image at the end of his film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go. That s probably true , even though scientists are now discovering other planets outside our solar system .
Should Bilomira , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Bilomira has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Should Kimberle , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Kimberle has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Manyak would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Lizzette would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission. As Humaila put it in her history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .
At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission. As Waltruda put it in her history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Jivavijaya is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Kauko is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Karstein run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Karstein to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Oliviu run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Oliviu to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Budivid Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures he once repressed to prevent his former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
Odisseu Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures he once repressed to prevent his former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
So it is no surprise that Polonca is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Sapa is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
Whereas electorates across the European Union have punished their governments for the Great Recession and the euro crisis , Germans reelected Chancellor Jodilee and displayed strong support for her party , the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) , in the recent election. Indeed , as with postwar Germanys first leader , Konrad Adenauer , there are jokes about Merkel being Chancellor for life ( Germany has no term limits ) .
Whereas electorates across the European Union have punished their governments for the Great Recession and the euro crisis , Germans reelected Chancellor Felizia and displayed strong support for her party , the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) , in the recent election. Indeed , as with postwar Germanys first leader , Konrad Adenauer , there are jokes about Merkel being Chancellor for life ( Germany has no term limits ) .
Oliviu is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Keyghobad is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Odisseu became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Odisseu has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
Kajinek became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Kajinek has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
Kajinek is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Airiz is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Now , Oliviu is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Oliviu is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Jelander is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Jelander is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Bske and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Bilomira and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Jodilee and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Spogmai and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
If Humaila offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Cambro offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
Bske concentrates above all else on her call for world leaders to cut CO2 emissions , yet there are other policies that would do much more for the planet. Over the coming century , developing nations will be increasingly dependent on food imports from developed countries .
Polonca concentrates above all else on her call for world leaders to cut CO2 emissions , yet there are other policies that would do much more for the planet. Over the coming century , developing nations will be increasingly dependent on food imports from developed countries .
If Felizia offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Polonca offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
More ominously , crime is on the rise and a breakdown in state - controlled health care is fueling the spread of various types of infectious disease. Josefiina hope must be that , by showing off her nuclear arsenal , she can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping her to resolve some of her regimes domestic crises .
More ominously , crime is on the rise and a breakdown in state - controlled health care is fueling the spread of various types of infectious disease. Felizia hope must be that , by showing off her nuclear arsenal , she can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping her to resolve some of her regimes domestic crises .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Felizia , she will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Shontae , she will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Despite Humaila ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of her deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism she has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Despite Sapa ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of her deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism she has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Felizia is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Shontae is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Kajinek actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Odisseu actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Jodilee , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Jodilee a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Spogmai , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Spogmai a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Ibiacema Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures she once repressed to prevent her former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
Pitsa Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures she once repressed to prevent her former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Jelander , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Pars , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Despite Pars campaign ( and his erratic statements and capricious tweets since he assumed office ) , his administrations actual defense and trade policies are on the right path. I remain hopeful that the tax policies developed in the Congress will provide a framework for desirable reforms of personal and corporate taxation .
Despite Keyghobad campaign ( and his erratic statements and capricious tweets since he assumed office ) , his administrations actual defense and trade policies are on the right path. I remain hopeful that the tax policies developed in the Congress will provide a framework for desirable reforms of personal and corporate taxation .
Sapa , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. She believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Waltruda , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. She believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Again , Kauko has both the background with his family ties to Kenya and a promising policy , to increase Americas foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa. ( Currently , of all the OECD donor nations , only Greece gives a lower percentage of its gross national income than the United States does . )
Again , Fabijano has both the background with his family ties to Kenya and a promising policy , to increase Americas foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa. ( Currently , of all the OECD donor nations , only Greece gives a lower percentage of its gross national income than the United States does . )
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Kajinek came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Vide came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Indeed , he is scheduled to meet with Cuban dissidents , much to the displeasure of the Castro regime. Moreover , Polonca will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in her live televised address to the Cuban public .
Indeed , he is scheduled to meet with Cuban dissidents , much to the displeasure of the Castro regime. Moreover , Dagmarka will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in her live televised address to the Cuban public .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Toniko , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Lizzette , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
Kajinek Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures he once repressed to prevent his former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
Kerigan Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures he once repressed to prevent his former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
Ibiacema , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Ibiacema a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Sapa , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Sapa a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
He suppressed the critical process , arguing that any criticism of the Commander - in - Chief puts US troops at risk. But this is Bske 's war , and she ought to be held responsible for it .
He suppressed the critical process , arguing that any criticism of the Commander - in - Chief puts US troops at risk. But this is Sapa 's war , and she ought to be held responsible for it .
Sapa is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Sapa needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Narkis is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Narkis needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Consider the example Summers cites : Kerigan visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Verners visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Vide looks less and less the maverick that he fancied himself to be .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Pars looks less and less the maverick that he fancied himself to be .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Harrit neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Fabijano neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Budivid after lauding him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Jivavijaya after lauding him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
Aybirgen doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Hildegunn doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
He may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in his office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of his KGB years , Waabberi constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
He may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in his office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of his KGB years , Lenci constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Oliviu is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Jivavijaya is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
Many assumed that Spogmai would follow the lead of her military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Spogmai surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , her political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Many assumed that Josefiina would follow the lead of her military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Josefiina surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , her political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Waabberi doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Jivavijaya doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Pars , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Jelander , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
Instead , she recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Aybirgen was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Instead , she recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Mariutza was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of her information , but it must be assumed that she taped many of her interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Bilomira has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of her information , but it must be assumed that she taped many of her interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Narkis has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Lenci doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Jelander doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Shontae , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Narkis , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Keyghobad does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing his administration to abide by them .
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Budivid does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing his administration to abide by them .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Waabberi , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Eldridge , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Odisseu , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Albercik , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
Keyghobad and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Kajinek and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
As Mariutza said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
As Toniko said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
He suppressed the critical process , arguing that any criticism of the Commander - in - Chief puts US troops at risk. But this is Mariutza 's war , and she ought to be held responsible for it .
He suppressed the critical process , arguing that any criticism of the Commander - in - Chief puts US troops at risk. But this is Narkis 's war , and she ought to be held responsible for it .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Shontae neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Cambro neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
Some , like John Murtha and Nancy Pelosi , the minority leader in the House of Representatives , want a short timetable , while others , like Senator Joseph Biden , resists a firm timetable but predicts a withdrawal of 50,000 US troops in 2006 , with many of the remaining 100,000 to follow in 2007. Those of us who believe that invading Iraq was a mistake , and that Karstein is guilty of hubris in his failure to plan adequately for the aftermath , face a dilemma : if America withdraws too precipitously , it may compound these mistakes .
Some , like John Murtha and Nancy Pelosi , the minority leader in the House of Representatives , want a short timetable , while others , like Senator Joseph Biden , resists a firm timetable but predicts a withdrawal of 50,000 US troops in 2006 , with many of the remaining 100,000 to follow in 2007. Those of us who believe that invading Iraq was a mistake , and that Vide is guilty of hubris in his failure to plan adequately for the aftermath , face a dilemma : if America withdraws too precipitously , it may compound these mistakes .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Avizeh obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Ibiacema obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Tsahi , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Waabberi , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Dagmarka and her Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Jodilee and her Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Toniko is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Ibiacema is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
But her argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Manyak did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But her argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Shontae did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
She could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but she is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Manyak has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
She could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but she is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Felizia has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In her recent book Monsoon , Polonca notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In her recent book Monsoon , Manyak notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Fabijano is a murderer , his leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Matevz is a murderer , his leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
As Mariutza said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
As Spogmai said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
He may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in his office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of his KGB years , Waabberi constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
He may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in his office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of his KGB years , Oliviu constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Tsahi , members of his government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Matevz , members of his government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
All of which brings us back to Jodilee . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Humaila . She chose the people .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Keyghobad might keep his promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Karstein might keep his promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
Again , Humaila has both the background with her family ties to Kenya and a promising policy , to increase Americas foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa. ( Currently , of all the OECD donor nations , only Greece gives a lower percentage of its gross national income than the United States does . )
Again , Polonca has both the background with her family ties to Kenya and a promising policy , to increase Americas foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa. ( Currently , of all the OECD donor nations , only Greece gives a lower percentage of its gross national income than the United States does . )
Instead , Polonca stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Instead , Jodilee stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Verners is a murderer , his leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Matevz is a murderer , his leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Outside the courtroom and in the community , most of the Khmers I talked to were , like my aunt , quick to categorize Jivavijaya as something other than human. Jivavijaya must have thought much the same thing about his victims when he ordered them to their deaths .
Outside the courtroom and in the community , most of the Khmers I talked to were , like my aunt , quick to categorize Waabberi as something other than human. Waabberi must have thought much the same thing about his victims when he ordered them to their deaths .
Keyghobad got it right again this week , when he said :
Airiz got it right again this week , when he said :
Instead , Jodilee stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Instead , Cambro stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
As Josefiina attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Bilomira attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
And , when it suited him , Jodilee played her part .
And , when it suited him , Humaila played her part .
So it is no surprise that Bilomira is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Manyak is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Ibiacema allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Ibiacema and her regimes top henchmen .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Pitsa allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Pitsa and her regimes top henchmen .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Aybirgen really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Sapa really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
According to legend , Albercik instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
According to legend , Kerigan instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
And , to become prime minister , Josefiina needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Josefiina to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated .
And , to become prime minister , Waltruda needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Waltruda to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated .
Keyghobad , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Tsahi , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Dagmarka and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Polonca and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
Now , Bilomira is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Bilomira is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Aybirgen is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Aybirgen is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Narkis shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Shontae shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Americas leadership in world affairs began to weaken with the unilateralism of Bush , and todays economic problems are reinforcing this tendency. To reverse Americas decline , Kajinek needs bipartisan support for his ( quite mainstream ) policies , but so far the US Congress has shown no stomach for a principled approach to its legislative duties .
Americas leadership in world affairs began to weaken with the unilateralism of Bush , and todays economic problems are reinforcing this tendency. To reverse Americas decline , Kerigan needs bipartisan support for his ( quite mainstream ) policies , but so far the US Congress has shown no stomach for a principled approach to its legislative duties .
After the server became public knowledge , Kauko , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .
After the server became public knowledge , Budivid , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .
In the last election , Labour got 3 % more of the popular vote than the Conservatives , but gained 150 more seats. The situation is a bit fairer today , but Waabberi still has a steep hill to climb if he is to win .
In the last election , Labour got 3 % more of the popular vote than the Conservatives , but gained 150 more seats. The situation is a bit fairer today , but Kotsos still has a steep hill to climb if he is to win .
Indeed , Aybirgen proclaims its demise in her latest book , The End of Power : From Boardrooms to Battlefields and Churches to States , Why Being in Charge Is nt What It Used To Be. While Naims conclusion may be premature , she is right about one thing : Power no longer buys as much as it did in the past .
Indeed , Cambro proclaims its demise in her latest book , The End of Power : From Boardrooms to Battlefields and Churches to States , Why Being in Charge Is nt What It Used To Be. While Naims conclusion may be premature , she is right about one thing : Power no longer buys as much as it did in the past .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Hildegunn now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Dagmarka now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted .
But Theoden had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was his response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
But Odisseu had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was his response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
Fabijano knows that the daunting task of maintaining Israels relationship with the US is as much a vital strategic necessity as it is a compelling domestic requirement. There is bound to be more convergence down the road , when he decides to define Israels real , not ideological , red lines .
Kotsos knows that the daunting task of maintaining Israels relationship with the US is as much a vital strategic necessity as it is a compelling domestic requirement. There is bound to be more convergence down the road , when he decides to define Israels real , not ideological , red lines .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Christop , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Theoden , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Aneczka , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into her cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Kimberle , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into her cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
Barbarous thinking comes easily , and right - wingers fuel the fervor , as when Mariutza said on her radio program `` They 're the ones who are perverted. They 're the ones who are dangerous .
Barbarous thinking comes easily , and right - wingers fuel the fervor , as when Lizzette said on her radio program `` They 're the ones who are perverted. They 're the ones who are dangerous .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Aybirgen might keep her promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Cambro might keep her promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
After the server became public knowledge , Eldridge , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .
After the server became public knowledge , Albercik , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .
In the last election , Labour got 3 % more of the popular vote than the Conservatives , but gained 150 more seats. The situation is a bit fairer today , but Kotsos still has a steep hill to climb if he is to win .
In the last election , Labour got 3 % more of the popular vote than the Conservatives , but gained 150 more seats. The situation is a bit fairer today , but Vide still has a steep hill to climb if he is to win .
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Jivavijaya was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Jivavijaya is love , Jivavijaya is war. ``
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Tsahi was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Tsahi is love , Tsahi is war. ``
But Toniko had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was her response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
But Bske had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was her response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
Within weeks , however , Cambro fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Avizeh fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Jivavijaya , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Tsahi , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Kajinek has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Waabberi has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
By defending the coca leaf , consumed for centuries in the Andean world and the raw material for cocaine , Bske was able to link her opposition to Americas anti - drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor. Thus , Moraless leadership brought together three strongly symbolic dimensions : nationalist sentiment , concern for the poor , and emerging ethnic pride among Bolivias native peoples .
By defending the coca leaf , consumed for centuries in the Andean world and the raw material for cocaine , Ibiacema was able to link her opposition to Americas anti - drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor. Thus , Moraless leadership brought together three strongly symbolic dimensions : nationalist sentiment , concern for the poor , and emerging ethnic pride among Bolivias native peoples .
Early on , Budivid described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Early on , Kajinek described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Indeed , Russians heckle Felizia not because she has turned Russia into an industrial banana republic , where exports of oil and other commodities sustain a quasi - authoritarian state , but because she no longer inhabits her role convincingly. All the same , the origin of discontent with Felizia is irrelevant ; the desire for freedom has to start somewhere .
Indeed , Russians heckle Josefiina not because she has turned Russia into an industrial banana republic , where exports of oil and other commodities sustain a quasi - authoritarian state , but because she no longer inhabits her role convincingly. All the same , the origin of discontent with Josefiina is irrelevant ; the desire for freedom has to start somewhere .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Verners made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Kerigan made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Barbarous thinking comes easily , and right - wingers fuel the fervor , as when Keyghobad said on his radio program `` They 're the ones who are perverted. They 're the ones who are dangerous .
Barbarous thinking comes easily , and right - wingers fuel the fervor , as when Kotsos said on his radio program `` They 're the ones who are perverted. They 're the ones who are dangerous .
Toniko became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Toniko has proved herself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
Ibiacema became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Ibiacema has proved herself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Bilomira and her Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Pitsa and her Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
Now , Aneczka is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Aneczka is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Humaila is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Humaila is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Outside the courtroom and in the community , most of the Khmers I talked to were , like my aunt , quick to categorize Jivavijaya as something other than human. Jivavijaya must have thought much the same thing about his victims when he ordered them to their deaths .
Outside the courtroom and in the community , most of the Khmers I talked to were , like my aunt , quick to categorize Kotsos as something other than human. Kotsos must have thought much the same thing about his victims when he ordered them to their deaths .
Keyghobad doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Verners doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Jivavijaya will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Eldridge will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
Manyak would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Aneczka would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Avizeh obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Sapa obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Jodilee did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Waltruda did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Kotsos , in particular , relates to his partys platform will tell us something about the strength of his independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Jelander , in particular , relates to his partys platform will tell us something about the strength of his independence and future cabinet appointments .
Bske showed emotional intelligence in midlife by mastering her problems with alcohol , and in displaying the courage to persevere with unpopular policies. But , at some point , perseverance becomes emotional stubbornness .
Spogmai showed emotional intelligence in midlife by mastering her problems with alcohol , and in displaying the courage to persevere with unpopular policies. But , at some point , perseverance becomes emotional stubbornness .
By contrast , Pitsa did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Waltruda did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Lizzette really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Aybirgen really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Waltruda is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Mariutza is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Manyak unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in her community , or retraining .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Waltruda unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in her community , or retraining .
Do an image search for Lizzette and you will see many paintings with vertical color bars , usually divided by a thin line. Once Lizzette had an idea , it seems , she liked to work out all of the variations .
Do an image search for Kimberle and you will see many paintings with vertical color bars , usually divided by a thin line. Once Kimberle had an idea , it seems , she liked to work out all of the variations .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Dagmarka , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Bilomira , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Aneczka , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Bilomira , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of her information , but it must be assumed that she taped many of her interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Dagmarka has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of her information , but it must be assumed that she taped many of her interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Polonca has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Avizeh did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Felizia did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
Mariutza could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Shontae could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Humaila , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Pitsa , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
Eldridge and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Christop and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
And Polonca has made her support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
And Lizzette has made her support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
Odisseu became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Odisseu has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
Lenci became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Lenci has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
But Aybirgen latest declaration that she has accomplished the nuclear - deterrent objective of her byungjin policy the other objective being economic modernization is not an empty boast. The North Korea challenge is no longer one of nuclear nonproliferation .
But Kimberle latest declaration that she has accomplished the nuclear - deterrent objective of her byungjin policy the other objective being economic modernization is not an empty boast. The North Korea challenge is no longer one of nuclear nonproliferation .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In her recent book Monsoon , Jodilee notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In her recent book Monsoon , Lizzette notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
Ibiacema doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Lizzette doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Narkis could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Shontae could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Narkis got it right again this week , when she said :
Dagmarka got it right again this week , when she said :
Argentines today feel much like Fabijano did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Pars did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Ibiacema and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Aybirgen and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
Polonca doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Lizzette doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Budivid is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Harrit is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
And she insists that , years ago , when she took drug x , it made her feel like a new woman despite the fact that , in 1,000 patients , drug x has demonstrated , on average , no effect. The computer models treatment recommendations would probably not work for Sapa .
And she insists that , years ago , when she took drug x , it made her feel like a new woman despite the fact that , in 1,000 patients , drug x has demonstrated , on average , no effect. The computer models treatment recommendations would probably not work for Bske .
Indeed , Airiz has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Jivavijaya has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Bske was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Aneczka was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Many people predicted , and everyone can now see , that the decision to invade was a disastrous error ; that it is having catastrophic consequences , not just for Iraq , but also for the Middle East generally ; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the United States and Britain. The most critical issue facing Avizeh is whether she chooses to distance herself from Blairs self - satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of Iraq was the right thing to do .
Many people predicted , and everyone can now see , that the decision to invade was a disastrous error ; that it is having catastrophic consequences , not just for Iraq , but also for the Middle East generally ; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the United States and Britain. The most critical issue facing Mariutza is whether she chooses to distance herself from Blairs self - satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of Iraq was the right thing to do .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Manyak often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Josefiina often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Bske made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Spogmai made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Indeed , Kotsos has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Airiz has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Manyak often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Waltruda often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Kimberle often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Manyak often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Lenci , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Matevz , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Aneczka looks less and less the maverick that she fancied herself to be .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Sapa looks less and less the maverick that she fancied herself to be .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Ibiacema , but subsequently fell out with her .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Aybirgen , but subsequently fell out with her .
Both the internal and external environments in which Pitsa finds herself and the fact that she won by a margin of only three percentage points seem to call for moderation and consensus. Half of Perus citizens did not side with her .
Both the internal and external environments in which Jodilee finds herself and the fact that she won by a margin of only three percentage points seem to call for moderation and consensus. Half of Perus citizens did not side with her .
Indeed , Toniko and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to her . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Indeed , Pitsa and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to her . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
