[[['If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term . Yet Jodilee has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of her ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .', 'If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term . Yet Jodilee has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of her ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim community to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .'], '1'], [['Undeterred by adversity , Polonca kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity . She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .', 'Undeterred by adversity , Polonca kept pushing ahead , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity . She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .'], '1'], [['As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands . Pars wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .', 'As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands . Pars wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , especially military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .'], '1'], [['In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Sapa comes down in favor of the latter definition . In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .', 'In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Sapa comes down in favor of the latter definition . In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may never find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .'], '1'], [['Like Dagmarka before her , Dagmarka believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .', 'Like Dagmarka before her , Dagmarka believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is little pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .'], '1'], [['Narkis could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence . Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .', 'Narkis could only have done as she did amidst a crisis of confidence . Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .'], '1'], [['His case was strong , because the UK Supreme Court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless . Nevertheless , Kotsos discontinued his appeal , apparently because he was concerned that the use of his cellphone was revealing his location to US intelligence services .', 'His case was strong , because the UK Supreme Court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless . Nevertheless , Kotsos discontinued his appeal , apparently because he was concerned that the use of his cell phone was revealing his location to US intelligence services .'], '1'], [['I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter . Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Matevz was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .', 'I handed the completed project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter . Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Matevz was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .'], '1'], [['And , while Jodilee says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession . Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .', 'And , while Jodilee says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession . Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - biggest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .'], '1'], [['So Kerigan mayoral election is a moment of truth for Navalny , the business leaders investing in his campaign , all Muscovites , and perhaps Russia as a whole . As in the time of the Decembrists , anyone in Russia can suffer from overweening government power , regardless of political belief .', 'So Kerigan mayoral election represents a moment of truth for Navalny , the business leaders investing in his campaign , all Muscovites , and perhaps Russia as a whole . As in the time of the Decembrists , anyone in Russia can suffer from overweening government power , regardless of political belief .'], '1'], [['She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad . Cambro may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .', 'She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad . Cambro may often give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .'], '1'], [['Sapa less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2 , 000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory . The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .', 'Sapa less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2 , 000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Ecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory . The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .'], '0'], [['NEW YORK If Mariutza were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development . In fact , the United Nations Rio + 20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .', 'NEW YORK If Mariutza were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the assuring phrase sustainable development . In fact , the United Nations Rio + 20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .'], '1'], [['To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand . In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Narkis tried her hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .', 'To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand . In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Narkis tried her hand at it , with the celebrated essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .'], '1'], [['Albercik often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything . But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Albercik , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .', 'Albercik often expresses bizarre views that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything . But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Albercik , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .'], '1'], [['Shontae could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence . Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .', 'Shontae could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence . Now , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .'], '1'], [['Shontae could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence . Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .', 'Shontae could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence . Now , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .'], '1'], [['Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Eldridge to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily . This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;', 'The Obamas call , backed by no action , for Eldridge to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily . This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;'], '1'], [['Oliviu is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe . He wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .', 'Oliviu is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe . He wishes to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .'], '1'], [['He was a 27 - year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official . Albercik had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .', 'He was a 27 - year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official . Albercik had been my host the preceding January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .'], '1'], [['Pope Benedict , being from Germany , a predominantly Protestant country , does not carry the weight of this bitter history . Perhaps this is one reason why Jivavijaya responded positively to Benedicts first speech urging reconciliation , saying that he hopes that this will improve Orthodox - Catholic relations on the post - Soviet territory .', 'Even Benedict , being from Germany , a predominantly Protestant country , does not carry the weight of this bitter history . Perhaps this is one reason why Jivavijaya responded positively to Benedicts first speech urging reconciliation , saying that he hopes that this will improve Orthodox - Catholic relations on the post - Soviet territory .'], '0'], [['The US undercut his call for strong Arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of American influence in the Middle East . As a result , Verners increasingly aligned Egypt with the Soviet Union , and ultimately failed in the quest to unite Arab interests .', 'The US undercut his call for strong Arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of American influence in the Middle East . As a result , Verners increasingly aligned Egypt with the Soviet Union , and eventually failed in the quest to unite Arab interests .'], '1'], [['But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense . Waltruda is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism .', 'Yet they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense . Waltruda is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism .'], '1'], [['Polonca concentrates above all else on her call for world leaders to cut CO2 emissions , yet there are other policies that would do much more for the planet . Over the coming century , developing nations will be increasingly dependent on food imports from developed countries .', 'Polonca concentrates above all else on her call for world leaders to reduce CO2 emissions , yet there are other policies that would do much more for the planet . Over the coming century , developing nations will be increasingly dependent on food imports from developed countries .'], '1'], [['Even if Keyghobad is willing to bow to realism , some of his coalition partners might leave his government . On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbass Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas - led government and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .', 'Even if Keyghobad is willing to bow to realism , some of his coalition allies might leave his government . On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbass Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas - led government and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .'], '1'], [['Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Jelander achieved and how much he conceded .', 'Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to examine the balance sheet and see how much Jelander achieved and how much he conceded .'], '1'], [['After the server became public knowledge , Kauko , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .', 'Once the server became public knowledge , Kauko , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .'], '1'], [['But Odisseu had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was his response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader . Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .', 'President Odisseu had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was his response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader . Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .'], '1'], [['For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade . Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Josefiina asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .', 'For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade . Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Josefiina asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .'], '1'], [['Perhaps surprisingly , Kotsos seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots . Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?', 'Rather surprisingly , Kotsos seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots . Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?'], '1'], [['This was the same Budivid who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it . Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .', 'He was the same Budivid who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it . Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .'], '0'], [['Toniko wanted to punish the Vietnamese for their own invasion of Cambodia , which ended the genocidal rule of Chinas allies , the Khmer Rouge . So vital was this decision to Toniko that she assigned overall command of the invasion to her fellow Long March veteran , General Hsu Shih Yun ( who had given Toniko shelter when , in 1976 , she was purged for the second time by the dying Mao Zedong ) .', 'Toniko wanted to punish the Vietnamese for their own invasion of Cambodia , which ended the genocidal rule of Chinas ally , the Khmer Rouge . So vital was this decision to Toniko that she assigned overall command of the invasion to her fellow Long March veteran , General Hsu Shih Yun ( who had given Toniko shelter when , in 1976 , she was purged for the second time by the dying Mao Zedong ) .'], '1'], [['Airiz , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in his use of classical Arabic , including the recitation of medieval - style poetry . He deliberately projects an image of himself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .', 'Airiz , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in his use of classical Arabic , including the reciting of medieval - style poetry . He deliberately projects an image of himself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .'], '1'], [['Albercik is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity . Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .', 'Albercik was credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity . Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .'], '1'], [['In this sense , Obamas declaration that Russia is a regional power acting out of weakness , no less than Russias suspension from the G - 8 , may have hit Fabijano where he is most vulnerable . His actions in Ukraine have undoubtedly brought Russia tangible gains in the short term .', 'In this sense , Obama s declaration that Russia is a regional power acting out of weakness , no less than Russias suspension from the G - 8 , may have hit Fabijano where he is most vulnerable . His actions in Ukraine have undoubtedly brought Russia tangible gains in the short term .'], '0'], [['Yet Dagmarka may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters . But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .', 'Now Dagmarka may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters . But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .'], '1'], [['Do an image search for Lizzette and you will see many paintings with vertical color bars , usually divided by a thin line . Once Lizzette had an idea , it seems , she liked to work out all of the variations .', 'Do an image search for Lizzette and you will see many paintings with vertical color bars , often divided by a thin line . Once Lizzette had an idea , it seems , she liked to work out all of the variations .'], '1'], [['Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Ibiacema is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .', 'Behind the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Ibiacema is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .'], '1'], [['Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised . On March 1 , the day Tsahi was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Tsahi is love , Tsahi is war . ` `', 'Yet , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised . On March 1 , the day Tsahi was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Tsahi is love , Tsahi is war . ` `'], '1'], [['Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Avizeh is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .', 'Beneath the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Avizeh is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .'], '1'], [['According to legend , Kerigan instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half . After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .', 'According to tradition , Kerigan instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half . After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .'], '1'], [['The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities . Shontae can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to her claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .', 'The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities . Shontae can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to her claim that the Russian minority there suffers persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .'], '1'], [['Bske sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders . But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?', 'Bske sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as analogous to Alexanders . But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?'], '1'], [['Next , he established his vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as his dictatorship of law over the judicial system . And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Jivavijaya gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .', 'Therefore , he established his vertical of power over the state administration and the regional administrations , as well as his dictatorship of law over the judicial system . And then , in the 2003 parliamentary election , Jivavijaya gained solid control over both the State Duma ( the lower house ) and the Federation Council ( the upper house ) of the Russian legislature .'], '1'], [['Harrit remarks , and his subsequent announcement of plans to implement his vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock . How could he profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as he stuffed his governments coffers with EU subsidies ?', 'Harrit remarks , and his subsequent announcement of plans to implement his vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with amazement . How could he profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as he stuffed his governments coffers with EU subsidies ?'], '1'], [['She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications . Lizzette has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .', 'She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications . Lizzette has established a foundation whose main mission is to raise standards of governance in Africa .'], '1'], [['Mariutza accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right . Rather than defend that theory , Mariutza admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .', 'Mariutza accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right . Rather than defending that theory , Mariutza admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .'], '1'], [['Polonca aimed for the same goal . But she stands out from them in this respect : she understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .', 'Polonca aimed for the same goal . But she stands out from them in this respect : she recognized that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .'], '1'], [['She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms . After her electoral victory , Ibiacema received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .', 'She is promising ( but not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms . After her electoral victory , Ibiacema received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .'], '1'], [["As Narkis said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W . Bush ' s chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science . Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .", "Mary Narkis said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when she was President George W . Bush ' s chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science . Deficit spending in a recession , she said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services ."], '1'], [['Ibiacema accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right . Rather than defend that theory , Ibiacema admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .', 'Ibiacema accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right . Rather than defend that theory , Ibiacema admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flow .'], '1'], [['Albercik has provided few details about his deficit - reduction plan . But , based on what he has revealed , we know that it would increase the jobs deficit , the investment deficit , and the opportunity deficit , with negative consequences for future growth and prosperity .', 'Albercik has provided few details about his deficit - reduction plan . However , based on what he has revealed , we know that it would increase the jobs deficit , the investment deficit , and the opportunity deficit , with negative consequences for future growth and prosperity .'], '1'], [['Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong . When Cambro was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .', 'Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong . When Cambro was made president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .'], '1'], [['The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment . Verners , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .', 'The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually get treatment . Verners , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .'], '1'], [['The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution . Odisseu declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .', 'The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution . Odisseu declared his desire to disband the army on multiple occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .'], '1'], [['Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated . Keyghobad has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .', 'Energy and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated . Keyghobad has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .'], '1'], [['They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone . Why not enlist the help of Josefiina opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?', 'This gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone . Why not enlist the help of Josefiina opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?'], '0'], [['Toniko , like her predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market . But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .', 'Toniko , like her predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , understands the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market . But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .'], '1'], [['With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body . We know that from such cases as that of Tsahi , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .', 'With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body . We know that from such cases as that of Tsahi , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line derived from his immune cells .'], '1'], [['Airiz pledged to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach . As part of his governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .', 'Airiz vowed to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach . As part of his governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .'], '1'], [['Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left . In short , Felizia was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .', 'Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left . In short , Felizia was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dervish approach with a hawkish outlook .'], '1'], [['Matevz less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2 , 000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory . The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .', 'Matevz less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2 , 000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Bocker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory . The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .'], '0'], [['Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Shontae will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of her entire foreign policy . In fact , Shontae has already expressed her objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .', 'Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Shontae will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of her entire foreign policy . In fact , Shontae has already indicated her objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .'], '1'], [["For one thing , Mariutza has decided to bring her Commissioners back into the President ' s office . This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .", "For one thing , Mariutza has decided to bring her Commissioners back into the President ' s office . This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than focusing on targeted improvements ."], '1'], [['Jivavijaya is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France . At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .', 'Jivavijaya is expressing a wave of sentiment that is not unique to his party nor to France . At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .'], '1'], [['Jodilee , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot . But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .', 'Jodilee , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as though she stepped out of a fashion shoot . But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .'], '1'], [['So the answer today to Pars famous question about whom he should call when he wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor . While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .', 'So the answer today to Pars famous question about whom he should call when he wishes to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor . While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .'], '1'], [['This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo . Although Kajinek supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .', 'That is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo . Although Kajinek supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .'], '1'], [['His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship . This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Dagmarka did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .', 'His shot sailed into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship . This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Dagmarka did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .'], '1'], [['Vide asserted his undisputed authority over his party and country . Vide consolidated his position during his first term , by reversing much of Deng Xiaopings legacy , including the opening of Chinas economy , the separation of the CCP from government , and a low - key approach to foreign and security policy .', 'Vide asserted his undisputed authority over his party and country . Vide consolidated his position during his first term , by reversing much of Deng Xiaoping s legacy , including the opening of Chinas economy , the separation of the CCP from government , and a low - key approach to foreign and security policy .'], '0'], [['They ordered Pitsa to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side . Pitsa did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of her forces as possible across the canal .', 'Israel ordered Pitsa to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side . Pitsa did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of her forces as possible across the canal .'], '0'], [['Despite Keyghobad campaign ( and his erratic statements and capricious tweets since he assumed office ) , his administrations actual defense and trade policies are on the right path . I remain hopeful that the tax policies developed in the Congress will provide a framework for desirable reforms of personal and corporate taxation .', 'The Keyghobad campaign ( and his erratic statements and capricious tweets since he assumed office ) , his administrations actual defense and trade policies are on the right path . I remain hopeful that the tax policies developed in the Congress will provide a framework for desirable reforms of personal and corporate taxation .'], '1'], [['During the run - up to World War II , Felizia , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of her day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not . Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .', 'In the run - up to World War II , Felizia , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of her day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not . Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .'], '1'], [['Yet Jivavijaya may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to his isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters . But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .', 'But Jivavijaya may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to his isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters . But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .'], '1'], [['Vide will therefore have to be careful about over - generalizing from his past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over - diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over - prepare to fight the last war .', 'Vide will therefore have to be wary about over - generalizing from his past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over - diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over - prepare to fight the last war .'], '1'], [['The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession . Now Budivid is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .', 'The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decrease so mild as to barely warrant the name recession . Now Budivid is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .'], '1'], [['Shontae has tried to scare America about the magnitude of the problem , and she has tried to fool America about how privatization would solve it . The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bushs huge tax cuts for upper - income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare , which provides health care for the aged .', 'Shontae has attempted to scare America about the magnitude of the problem , and she has tried to fool America about how privatization would solve it . The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bushs huge tax cuts for upper - income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare , which provides health care for the aged .'], '1'], [['Its hard not to feel sympathy for Jodilee . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .', 'Not hard not to feel sympathy for Jodilee . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .'], '1'], [['Indeed , the striking feature of the Iranian opposition movement is the lack of effective leadership , despite the astonishing persistence of protests . As Verners has readily acknowledged , neither he nor the other presidential candidate , Ahmad Karroubi , feels in charge by now .', 'Furthermore , the striking feature of the Iranian opposition movement is the lack of effective leadership , despite the astonishing persistence of protests . As Verners has readily acknowledged , neither he nor the other presidential candidate , Ahmad Karroubi , feels in charge by now .'], '1'], [['Sapa is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently . Rather than debate with her counterparts , Sapa needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .', 'Sapa is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently . Rather than debate with her counterparts , Sapa needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page with the US .'], '1'], [['Instead , she recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility . Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Aybirgen was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .', 'Moreover , she recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility . Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Aybirgen was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .'], '1'], [['Nor is it clear what Waabberi really means by saying that he recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations . If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Waabberi might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .', 'Nor is it clear what Waabberi really means by saying that he recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations . If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle Eastern powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Waabberi might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .'], '1'], [['Some 50 , 000 Soviets writers , journalists , officials , musicians , dancers , athletes , and academics visited the United States between 1958 and 1988 . Josefiina was strongly influenced by her studies at Columbia University in 1958 .', 'Almost 50 , 000 Soviets writers , journalists , officials , musicians , dancers , athletes , and academics visited the United States between 1958 and 1988 . Josefiina was strongly influenced by her studies at Columbia University in 1958 .'], '1'], [['Pitsa poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy . Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .', 'Pitsa poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy . Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economies .'], '1'], [['Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Cambro is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .', 'Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thundering chants of Cambro is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .'], '1'], [['NEW YORK Now that Hildegunn has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether she will govern in accordance with her campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .', 'NEW YORK Now that Hildegunn has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it becomes an open question whether she will govern in accordance with her campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .'], '1'], [['Had Josefiina died , she eventually would have been forgotten another victim of the war that the extremists are waging in Pakistan . Her death would have added just one more individual to the tens of thousands who have already been killed in terrorist attacks across the country .', 'Had Josefiina died , she eventually would have been forgotten another victim of the war that the extremists are waging in Pakistan . Her death would have added just one more individual to the tens of thousands who have already been killed in terrorist attacks around the country .'], '1'], [['But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform . And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Shontae convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .', 'Now most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform . And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Shontae convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .'], '1'], [['It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Kimberle decision to take the United States to war . But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .', 'It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Kimberle decision to put the United States to war . But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .'], '1'], [['Airiz efforts to fight corruption and rebuild his countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7 . 2 % last year . While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6 . 5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .', 'Airiz efforts to fight corruption and rebuild his countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asians fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7 . 2 % last year . While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6 . 5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .'], '1'], [['While the civilian leadership has become diffuse ( every Chinese leader since Mariutza has been weaker than her predecessor ) , the military has enjoyed greater autonomy and soaring budgets since 1990 . Indeed , the Party , having ceased to be a rigid monolith obedient to a single leader , has become dependent on the military for its political legitimacy and to ensure domestic order .', 'While the civilian leadership has become diffuse ( every Chinese leader since Mariutza has been weaker than her predecessor ) , the military has enjoyed greater autonomy and soaring budgets since 1990 . Indeed , the Party , having ceased to be a rigid monolith obedient to a single leader , has become dependent on the army for its political legitimacy and to ensure domestic order .'], '1'], [['The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right . Fortunately , even if Shontae does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing her administration to abide by them .', 'The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of that right . Fortunately , even if Shontae does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing her administration to abide by them .'], '1'], [['Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Aybirgen is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .', 'Alongside the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Aybirgen is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .'], '1'], [['With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body . We know that from such cases as that of Jelander , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .', 'With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body . We know that from such cases as that of Jelander , who tried unsuccessfully to recover property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .'], '1'], [['An unpopular war would have made military recruitment difficult in any circumstances . But , as Cambro tried to deceive America about the wars costs , she underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures say , for armored and mine - resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .', 'An unpopular war would have made military recruitment difficult in any circumstances . But , as Cambro wanted to deceive America about the wars costs , she underfunded the troops , refusing even basic expenditures say , for armored and mine - resistant vehicles needed to protect American lives , or for adequate health care for returning veterans .'], '1'], [['If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term . Yet Oliviu has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of his ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .', 'If not halted , such measures could bring into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term . Yet Oliviu has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of his ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .'], '1'], [['Felizia poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy . Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .', 'Felizia poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put in cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy . Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .'], '1'], [['Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Budivid put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born . The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Budivid wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .', 'Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Budivid put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born . The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Budivid wrote , but they are definitely symptoms of a new interregnum .'], '1'], [['After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives . Verners , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .', 'Above all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives . Verners , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .'], '1'], [['They ordered Pitsa to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side . Pitsa did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of her forces as possible across the canal .', 'Sharon ordered Pitsa to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side . Pitsa did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of her forces as possible across the canal .'], '0']]