In 1953 , Barbara , in what is probably the best - known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve her . In fact , history will judge her , and her nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the regions countries are subject .
In 1953 , Duane , in what is probably the best - known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve him . In fact , history will judge him , and his nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the regions countries are subject .
In many ways , Hugh personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
In many ways , Pamela personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
Other than drive his boss around and attend meetings , he did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of September 2001. Yet his driving and his knowledge of Al Qaedas purposes struck the military as sufficient to charge him with entering a conspiracy to kill civilians and engage in terrorists acts .
Other than drive her boss around and attend meetings , she did nothing more to promote the terrorist attacks of September 2001. Yet her driving and her knowledge of Al Qaedas purposes struck the military as sufficient to charge her with entering a conspiracy to kill civilians and engage in terrorists acts .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Todd . Nevertheless , he has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Annie . Nevertheless , she has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Deborah was relaying her message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Pedro was relaying his message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
Diane poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Hugh poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
In short , when Jorge took Britain to war , he deliberately misled Parliament and the electorate about the ostensible rationale for it. When no WMD were found , Jorge fell back on the previously unavowed justification that the removal of Saddam Hussein was the right thing to do .
In short , when Barbara took Britain to war , she deliberately misled Parliament and the electorate about the ostensible rationale for it. When no WMD were found , Barbara fell back on the previously unavowed justification that the removal of Saddam Hussein was the right thing to do .
When Annie was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by her former pastor , she did not simply distance herself from the problem , but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black Americans .
When Bill was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by his former pastor , he did not simply distance himself from the problem , but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black Americans .
How easily this ideal could be corrupted by distinctly ungentlemanly politics was already clear in 1936 , when Coubertins doddering speech about peace and fair play was played over the loudspeakers of the Olympic Stadium in Berlin , while Duane and his henchmen raised their arms to salute the Nazi flag .
How easily this ideal could be corrupted by distinctly ungentlemanly politics was already clear in 1936 , when Coubertins doddering speech about peace and fair play was played over the loudspeakers of the Olympic Stadium in Berlin , while Martha and her henchmen raised their arms to salute the Nazi flag .
Nathaniel was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Teresa was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
But Marcus has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , he has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
But Jennifer has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , she has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Edgar and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Cheryl and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
LONDON From the moment Kathleen entered the US presidential race , the potential for an unprecedented array of ethics violations , stemming from her global business interests , has been a ticking time bomb , set to detonate on January 20 , 2017 .
LONDON From the moment Arnold entered the US presidential race , the potential for an unprecedented array of ethics violations , stemming from his global business interests , has been a ticking time bomb , set to detonate on January 20 , 2017 .
But while Mildred may be burnishing her legacy by pursuing unconditional normalization so - called engagement what she is not doing is securing any actual change in Cuba. Engagement is , ultimately , just rhetoric .
But while Terrance may be burnishing his legacy by pursuing unconditional normalization so - called engagement what he is not doing is securing any actual change in Cuba. Engagement is , ultimately , just rhetoric .
I do not think , therefore , that Pedro will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Pedro was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
I do not think , therefore , that Rebecca will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of her first year in office , though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Rebecca was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
It is true that Derek is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But his views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
It is true that Diane is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
The US - led sanctions regime and low oil prices have battered the Russian economy , which is expected to contract by 0.8 % in 2016. Thus , Julie is more reluctant than ever to offer territorial concessions , lest it tarnish her domestic image as a staunch defender of Russian national interests .
The US - led sanctions regime and low oil prices have battered the Russian economy , which is expected to contract by 0.8 % in 2016. Thus , Jeffery is more reluctant than ever to offer territorial concessions , lest it tarnish his domestic image as a staunch defender of Russian national interests .
Now that Theoden appears to have a brief respite from his domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for him to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
Now that Keyghobad appears to have a brief respite from his domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for him to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
It is not clear why Reginald and his advisers believe that this will deliver sustained real GDP growth of 2 % a year. Although the $ 120 billion is presumably just for the current year ( if the spending can be made to happen that quickly ) , he also spoke during his campaign about a ten - year rise in government spending of 200 trillion yen , substantially more than the $ 120 billion annual rate .
It is not clear why Elizabeth and her advisers believe that this will deliver sustained real GDP growth of 2 % a year. Although the $ 120 billion is presumably just for the current year ( if the spending can be made to happen that quickly ) , she also spoke during her campaign about a ten - year rise in government spending of 200 trillion yen , substantially more than the $ 120 billion annual rate .
In Japan , Jennifer is universally regarded to have performed badly in her first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite her distinguished lineage. Now she takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
In Japan , Jorge is universally regarded to have performed badly in his first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite his distinguished lineage. Now he takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
The firm cut a deal with Arnold , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Arnold had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Norma , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Norma had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
Jonathan was nt particularly wise as a White House aide he could nt contain his inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Diane was nt particularly wise as a White House aide she could nt contain her inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Marilyn concluded her statement with the message , delivered via three lines by two canonical Chinese poets from the ancient Tang and Song dynasties , that her home was where she felt safe. The subtext to any literate Chinese was clear : China may be my ancestral country , but I am a free man , free to choose my home .
Hugh concluded his statement with the message , delivered via three lines by two canonical Chinese poets from the ancient Tang and Song dynasties , that his home was where he felt safe. The subtext to any literate Chinese was clear : China may be my ancestral country , but I am a free man , free to choose my home .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older father take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance his education , travel , or shopping in exchange for his company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older lady take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
First , Jerome may be a vicious dictator , but he is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , he has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but he understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime he is trying to preserve .
First , Deborah may be a vicious dictator , but she is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , she has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but she understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime she is trying to preserve .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another mom , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another brother , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
The solitude of the individual facing his faith alone , without collective illusions , and forced to do something with himself in the arid , noisy world tells us something important about the exiled world of modernity and its complex and contradictory problems .
The solitude of the individual facing her faith alone , without collective illusions , and forced to do something with herself in the arid , noisy world tells us something important about the exiled world of modernity and its complex and contradictory problems .
By contrast , Barbara did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Jerome did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
Norma will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked her regimes survival .
Bill will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , he would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which he has staked his regimes survival .
It is not the critic who counts , Earl said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Earl continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Tammy said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Tammy continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Given that Barbara ruled Libya for more than four decades , her is a legacy that can not simply be ignored. That means not only recognizing the vital link between her policies and todays problems , but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface her memory .
Given that Bill ruled Libya for more than four decades , his is a legacy that can not simply be ignored. That means not only recognizing the vital link between his policies and todays problems , but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface his memory .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Annie wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Zachary wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
Diane once asked me , to my surprise , if her big bulk she was 6 feet 4 inches ( 193 centimeters ) tall , and weighed more than 300 pounds ( 136 kilograms ) during her leadership years might not confirm fears of an overbearing Germany. I had no difficulty reassuring her .
Raul once asked me , to my surprise , if his big bulk he was 6 feet 4 inches ( 193 centimeters ) tall , and weighed more than 300 pounds ( 136 kilograms ) during his leadership years might not confirm fears of an overbearing Germany. I had no difficulty reassuring him .
Theoden did head that way a few months later , when he forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005. It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .
Kerigan did head that way a few months later , when he forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005. It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .
Susan already has enough parliamentary backing to achieve this , and she could garner more with a snap election for the lower house in early 2017. But , beyond a two - thirds majority in both parliamentary bodies , constitutional reforms also require a simple majority in a national referendum .
Pedro already has enough parliamentary backing to achieve this , and he could garner more with a snap election for the lower house in early 2017. But , beyond a two - thirds majority in both parliamentary bodies , constitutional reforms also require a simple majority in a national referendum .
Barbara was only 46 when she was killed in Dallas by Lee Harvey Oswald , a disgruntled former Marine who had defected to the Soviet Union. Though her life had been plagued by illness , Barbara projected an image of youth and vigor that added to the drama and poignancy of her death .
Derrick was only 46 when he was killed in Dallas by Lee Harvey Oswald , a disgruntled former Marine who had defected to the Soviet Union. Though his life had been plagued by illness , Derrick projected an image of youth and vigor that added to the drama and poignancy of his death .
At the beginning of the twentieth century , Erik was an activist leader , but he affected mostly timing. Economic growth and geography were the powerful determinants .
At the beginning of the twentieth century , Tammy was an activist leader , but she affected mostly timing. Economic growth and geography were the powerful determinants .
Yet , as Betty and her moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Yet , as Terrance and his moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Likewise , Abulhassan Banisadr , the Islamic Republics first president , fell out with Betty over the division of authority. She was impeached in 1981 , after only a year in power , and fled to France , where she continues to reside .
Likewise , Abulhassan Banisadr , the Islamic Republics first president , fell out with Edgar over the division of authority. He was impeached in 1981 , after only a year in power , and fled to France , where he continues to reside .
Like many French leaders , Frederick was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in his grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to him , were coextensive with French values .
Like many French leaders , Diane was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in her grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to her , were coextensive with French values .
Harry , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Harry understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Julie , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Julie understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Regardless of whether Marcus can deliver on his promises , America will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000. With or without Marcus , the American century will not be repeated .
Regardless of whether Jessica can deliver on her promises , America will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000. With or without Jessica , the American century will not be repeated .
Jared is a radical Muslim cleric who was convicted of blessing the original 2002 Bali bombing , and suspected by some of providing much more. His name is on a UN list of terrorists , and undoubtedly Indonesia and the rest of the world would be safer if he were still in prison .
Susan is a radical Muslim cleric who was convicted of blessing the original 2002 Bali bombing , and suspected by some of providing much more. Her name is on a UN list of terrorists , and undoubtedly Indonesia and the rest of the world would be safer if she were still in prison .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Edgar is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Edgar is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Rebecca is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Rebecca is different from her father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Bill , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than his share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : he left the country and the world considerably better off than he found them .
Rebecca , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than her share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : she left the country and the world considerably better off than she found them .
Darrell has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And he has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
Martha has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And she has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Alfred called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As he put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Dorothy called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As she put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
Poor Terrance did nt even have that to offer. He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Terrance will have for environmental imperatives .
Poor Teresa did nt even have that to offer. She offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Teresa will have for environmental imperatives .
Erik has used his war on corruption to concentrate more power in his hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago. How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?
Cheryl has used her war on corruption to concentrate more power in her hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago. How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?
That first war among socialist states shattered the myth of inviolable fraternal bonds between the Soviet Union and the captive nations of Eastern Europe. But Derrick never envisioned the breakup of the Soviet empire as part of his thaw .
That first war among socialist states shattered the myth of inviolable fraternal bonds between the Soviet Union and the captive nations of Eastern Europe. But Pamela never envisioned the breakup of the Soviet empire as part of her thaw .
Cheryl gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , she is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Neil gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
As usual , Marilyn has a critical role to play. Her endorsement of a candidate whom she knew Cameron would vehemently oppose was a serious mistake , because it strengthened the hand of those in the UK who want to leave the EU .
As usual , Hugh has a critical role to play. His endorsement of a candidate whom he knew Cameron would vehemently oppose was a serious mistake , because it strengthened the hand of those in the UK who want to leave the EU .
But while Martha may be burnishing her legacy by pursuing unconditional normalization so - called engagement what she is not doing is securing any actual change in Cuba. Engagement is , ultimately , just rhetoric .
But while Marcus may be burnishing his legacy by pursuing unconditional normalization so - called engagement what he is not doing is securing any actual change in Cuba. Engagement is , ultimately , just rhetoric .
But while Marilyn was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing her agenda , she may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
But while Reginald was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
She has a strong sense of public service , and an equally strong set of values. She carries little ideological baggage , and is adept at staying in control , operating within self - imposed boundaries that keep her on familiar terrain .
He has a strong sense of public service , and an equally strong set of values. He carries little ideological baggage , and is adept at staying in control , operating within self - imposed boundaries that keep his on familiar terrain .
But Bill has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , he has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
But Kathleen has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , she has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
In France , the offense was abolished when Marilyn introduced her new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
In France , the offense was abolished when Reginald introduced his new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
With the countrys major and indispensable ally , the United States , Pamela sought the closest possible relationship from the start of her tenure. After Schmidts government fell in 1982 over massive popular opposition to the stationing of US medium - range nuclear missiles , Pamela stood firm , recognizing that bowing to public pressure and reneging on Germanys commitment would be a blow both to the respect and trust of the US and her credibility in Moscow .
With the countrys major and indispensable ally , the United States , Todd sought the closest possible relationship from the start of his tenure. After Schmidts government fell in 1982 over massive popular opposition to the stationing of US medium - range nuclear missiles , Todd stood firm , recognizing that bowing to public pressure and reneging on Germanys commitment would be a blow both to the respect and trust of the US and his credibility in Moscow .
The aunt of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
The grandfather of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
Hugh was supported by financial interests determined to resurrect the Conservative Party. Trumps business background and outsider status helped him to appeal to the newly dispossessed .
Phyllis was supported by financial interests determined to resurrect the Conservative Party. Trumps business background and outsider status helped her to appeal to the newly dispossessed .
As Theresa attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Raul attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
Reginald presided over the World Bank at a time of enormous change , tumult , and opportunity , an era marked by the end of the Cold War , the postcommunist transition to market economies , and the East Asian and then global financial crises. His commitment to those in the developing world has been contagious .
Melissa presided over the World Bank at a time of enormous change , tumult , and opportunity , an era marked by the end of the Cold War , the postcommunist transition to market economies , and the East Asian and then global financial crises. Her commitment to those in the developing world has been contagious .
Clearly , Jessica has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Frederick has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Even if Arnold takes a restrained approach to the use of force in international disputes , as President Barack Obama has over the last eight years , he would not be able to stand by idly if North Korea had the capacity to launch a long - range nuclear strike. America would have to protect its Asian allies ( not to mention its own citizens , were the North able to strike the US mainland ) .
Even if Cynthia takes a restrained approach to the use of force in international disputes , as President Barack Obama has over the last eight years , she would not be able to stand by idly if North Korea had the capacity to launch a long - range nuclear strike. America would have to protect its Asian allies ( not to mention its own citizens , were the North able to strike the US mainland ) .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Terrance recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Katherine recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on her head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
Can Deborah , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Edgar , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Both as a Hollywood actor and as a US president , Zachary had smart , dedicated , and trained professionals writing his lines and directing his moves. He knew that his job was to be on screen , and not to interfere with the people behind the camera and in the post - production editing room , who were responsible for the finished product .
Both as a Hollywood actor and as a US president , Barbara had smart , dedicated , and trained professionals writing her lines and directing her moves. She knew that her job was to be on screen , and not to interfere with the people behind the camera and in the post - production editing room , who were responsible for the finished product .
So it is easy to understand why Elizabeth still leads the way. Indeed , we can expect her new theoretical framework to become a reference point in a decade or two .
So it is easy to understand why Neil still leads the way. Indeed , we can expect his new theoretical framework to become a reference point in a decade or two .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Nathaniel supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Cheryl supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Although Martha brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , her modern real successors smothered her insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Martha , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Although Jared brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Jared , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Rebecca , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Hugh , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Initially , Darrell seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Kathy seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Norma was relaying her message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Derrick was relaying his message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
Here is a husband who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Here is a wife who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Though Jerome may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting his international travel , the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational. The charges against him have a powerful stigmatizing effect .
Though Kathleen may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting her international travel , the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational. The charges against her have a powerful stigmatizing effect .
Few beyond Theresa and her close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
Few beyond Raul and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
He is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After his electoral victory , Derrick received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Barbara received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
Whether Barbara decides to remain president or temporarily to fill the post with a puppet , as she did in 2008 with Medvedev , her message could not be clearer : I , and only I , am in charge .
Whether Marcus decides to remain president or temporarily to fill the post with a puppet , as he did in 2008 with Medvedev , his message could not be clearer : I , and only I , am in charge .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Jeffery mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Cynthia mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Verners has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Pars has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
If the government falls down on the job , Darrell wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Melissa wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with his gamekeeper. Raul is not an aristocrat , but he went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill he uses to great effect .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with her gamekeeper. Susan is not an aristocrat , but she went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill she uses to great effect .
Marcus less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Phyllis less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
It is true that Elizabeth is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
It is true that Darrell is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But his views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
First , Mildred may be a vicious dictator , but she is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , she has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but she understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime she is trying to preserve .
First , Derek may be a vicious dictator , but he is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , he has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but he understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime he is trying to preserve .
Zachary , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than his share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : he left the country and the world considerably better off than he found them .
Rebecca , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than her share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : she left the country and the world considerably better off than she found them .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Leroy as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Leroy responded to Trumps UN speech by calling him mentally deranged and a dotard .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Elizabeth as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Elizabeth responded to Trumps UN speech by calling her mentally deranged and a dotard .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his aunt no need to distance herself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his daddy no need to distance himself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
Margaret , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Margaret understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Terrance , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Terrance understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with his gamekeeper. Duane is not an aristocrat , but he went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill he uses to great effect .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with her gamekeeper. Norma is not an aristocrat , but she went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill she uses to great effect .
Was Jennifer really convinced by demographers that the Great Israel that once seemed to be her dream would actually mean the end of a Jewish State , or did her disengagement strategy of Gaza first really mean Gaza last ? For those who support one or the other reading , Jennifer will forever hold the benefit of the doubt .
Was Jeffery really convinced by demographers that the Great Israel that once seemed to be his dream would actually mean the end of a Jewish State , or did his disengagement strategy of Gaza first really mean Gaza last ? For those who support one or the other reading , Jeffery will forever hold the benefit of the doubt .
This threat evidently motivated Nathaniel to speak out in November : It is no secret , Nathaniel wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Tammy to speak out in November : It is no secret , Tammy wrote in her blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
As much as Katherine has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Katherine does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices .
As much as Jared has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Jared does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices .
By contrast , Jennifer did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Pedro did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
If my intuition is correct , Betty and her fellow travelers will never be convinced that they are wrong. Accepting the idea that central bankers may be doing the best they can in a difficult situation would require entertaining the possibility that markets are imperfect and fallible .
If my intuition is correct , Reginald and his fellow travelers will never be convinced that they are wrong. Accepting the idea that central bankers may be doing the best they can in a difficult situation would require entertaining the possibility that markets are imperfect and fallible .
Norma spoke repeatedly in the Australian Parliament earlier this month of Japans new special relationship with Australia terminology normally associated only with the strongest of alliance partnerships and followed her address by signing an agreement for the transfer of defense equipment and technology .
Jerome spoke repeatedly in the Australian Parliament earlier this month of Japans new special relationship with Australia terminology normally associated only with the strongest of alliance partnerships and followed his address by signing an agreement for the transfer of defense equipment and technology .
Harry would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. He could talk about the sort of Asia he would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that he believes are necessary .
Phyllis would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. She could talk about the sort of Asia she would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that she believes are necessary .
Clearly , Nathaniel has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Dorothy has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Emily will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked her regimes survival .
Jared will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , he would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which he has staked his regimes survival .
For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Fabijano are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975. It is not surprising that Fabijano proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for his family .
For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Lenci are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975. It is not surprising that Lenci proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for his family .
Cynthia has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And she has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
Darrell has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And he has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
So it is no surprise that Deborah is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Jerome is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Jerome has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Jessica has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting her power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
Does she respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Cheryl ?
Does he respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Jonathan ?
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Theresa achieved and how much she conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Pedro achieved and how much he conceded .
Diane has gotten so caught up in her aggressive foreign policy that she has undermined her own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , she has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
Jerome has gotten so caught up in his aggressive foreign policy that he has undermined his own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , he has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
So it is too soon to assess whether his departing successor , Ben Bernanke , is headed for historys chopping block or its pedestal. But the crucial international role that Barbara and the Fed played during her tenure a time when domestic economic weakness translated into relatively ineffective American global leadership should not be overlooked .
So it is too soon to assess whether his departing successor , Ben Bernanke , is headed for historys chopping block or its pedestal. But the crucial international role that Nathaniel and the Fed played during his tenure a time when domestic economic weakness translated into relatively ineffective American global leadership should not be overlooked .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Jennifer presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little her administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how her meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and her obsession with reversing the legacy of her predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
DENVER The recent six - month mark of Arnold presidency serves as a reminder not only of how little his administration has accomplished domestically , but also of how his meandering foreign policy has created a geopolitical landscape rife with ticking time bombs. And nowhere have the consequences of Trumps almost willful incapacity to grasp complex problems , and his obsession with reversing the legacy of his predecessor , Barack Obama , become more apparent than in the Middle East .
What made this highly significant was that Todd is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Todd is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Katherine is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Katherine is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
Zachary , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
Betty , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
When Marilyn does come to the question of what matters , her answer might seem surprisingly obvious. She tells us , for example , that what matters most now is that we rich people give up some of our luxuries , ceasing to overheat the Earths atmosphere , and taking care of this planet in other ways , so that it continues to support intelligent life .
When Jonathan does come to the question of what matters , his answer might seem surprisingly obvious. He tells us , for example , that what matters most now is that we rich people give up some of our luxuries , ceasing to overheat the Earths atmosphere , and taking care of this planet in other ways , so that it continues to support intelligent life .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Elizabeth seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Elizabeth has advanced her regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Jorge seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Jorge has advanced his regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
What made this case special was that Cheryl is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances. She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Edgar is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
Melissa , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Melissa understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Jerome , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Jerome understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Though Christop has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Christop called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Christop would probably not be liberal .
Though Kerigan has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Kerigan called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Kerigan would probably not be liberal .
Alfred has gotten so caught up in his aggressive foreign policy that he has undermined his own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , he has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
Susan has gotten so caught up in her aggressive foreign policy that she has undermined her own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , she has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
This coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would allow Barbara to stay only if she stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners. Presumably , Barbara would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .
This coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would allow Edgar to stay only if he stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners. Presumably , Edgar would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .
At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission. As Marilyn put it in her history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .
At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission. As Jonathan put it in his history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .
Rather than shooting the messenger , Rebecca should reflect on the message itself , and rethink not only the war but the terms on which she has decided to wage it. The cables should lead Rebecca to rectify a strategy that so far has increased the level of violence without decreasing drug trafficking .
Rather than shooting the messenger , Hugh should reflect on the message itself , and rethink not only the war but the terms on which he has decided to wage it. The cables should lead Hugh to rectify a strategy that so far has increased the level of violence without decreasing drug trafficking .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Arnold as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Arnold responded to Trumps UN speech by calling him mentally deranged and a dotard .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Rebecca as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Rebecca responded to Trumps UN speech by calling her mentally deranged and a dotard .
Now that Derek has intensified his right - wing rhetoric and been rewarded with another term in power the international movement to isolate Israel will only gain momentum. After all , support for direct negotiations between Israel and Palestine no longer makes sense , even for Israels main ally , the United States , because the assumptions underlying this approach have been demolished .
Now that Elizabeth has intensified her right - wing rhetoric and been rewarded with another term in power the international movement to isolate Israel will only gain momentum. After all , support for direct negotiations between Israel and Palestine no longer makes sense , even for Israels main ally , the United States , because the assumptions underlying this approach have been demolished .
President Franois Hollande , who is not a right - wing nationalist like Deborah , now wants to strengthen those bans. She has proposed new laws that would make online entities like Google and Facebook responsible for any `` hate speech `` posted online by their users .
President Franois Hollande , who is not a right - wing nationalist like Zachary , now wants to strengthen those bans. He has proposed new laws that would make online entities like Google and Facebook responsible for any `` hate speech `` posted online by their users .
Obamas impressive signals since taking office telephoning Arab leaders before European allies , appointing special envoy George Mitchell and speaking on Margaret for her first interview reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past .
Obamas impressive signals since taking office telephoning Arab leaders before European allies , appointing special envoy George Mitchell and speaking on Jeff for his first interview reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past .
As brilliantly explained by Raul in his book on the company , the brand essentially created enchantment. Extrapolating this into a market view that Apple could not only innovate continuously , but also fend off any and all competitors , investors took the companys share price to dizzying heights .
As brilliantly explained by Kathleen in her book on the company , the brand essentially created enchantment. Extrapolating this into a market view that Apple could not only innovate continuously , but also fend off any and all competitors , investors took the companys share price to dizzying heights .
When push came to shove , Todd faced the difficult choice of going along with more of the same , despite knowing that it would fail , or trying to pivot to a new approach. He bravely opted for the latter .
When push came to shove , Emily faced the difficult choice of going along with more of the same , despite knowing that it would fail , or trying to pivot to a new approach. She bravely opted for the latter .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older dad take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance his education , travel , or shopping in exchange for his company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older mother take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
As the Soviet Union steadily disintegrated , with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash , Duane gained the leadership of the largest the Russian Federation which placed him in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in Ukraine , the Baltic states , and Georgia .
As the Soviet Union steadily disintegrated , with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash , Teresa gained the leadership of the largest the Russian Federation which placed her in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in Ukraine , the Baltic states , and Georgia .
Aware of a potential threat from within their ranks , Bill has populated his inner circle with relatively junior ( and reliably loyal ) officers. But a deal that makes Bhutto prime minister would undermine the militarys influence and eventually its support for Musharrafs presidency .
Aware of a potential threat from within their ranks , Rebecca has populated her inner circle with relatively junior ( and reliably loyal ) officers. But a deal that makes Bhutto prime minister would undermine the militarys influence and eventually its support for Musharrafs presidency .
And Kauko was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Waabberi was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
Terrance is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using his adventurism abroad to shore up his political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Deborah is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using her adventurism abroad to shore up her political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Terrance was relaying his message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Susan was relaying her message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
The firm cut a deal with Mildred , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Mildred had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Darrell , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Darrell had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
In France , the offense was abolished when Susan introduced her new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
In France , the offense was abolished when Derek introduced his new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
Duane has hardly been shy about his slide toward what the Cambodia Daily , on its last day of publishing , termed a descent into outright dictatorship. In fact , Duane , like other Southeast Asian autocrats , now seems to believe that he has political carte blanche , given the low priority that US President Donald Trump has placed on human rights .
Annie has hardly been shy about her slide toward what the Cambodia Daily , on its last day of publishing , termed a descent into outright dictatorship. In fact , Annie , like other Southeast Asian autocrats , now seems to believe that she has political carte blanche , given the low priority that US President Donald Trump has placed on human rights .
If Pamela ever had any moments of doubt about her lasting positive impact on the world , I hope she was able to see reports from Wukan before she died. In that fishing village of 6,000 , the power of the powerless that Pamela promoted as a means to undermine totalitarian rule was demonstrated anew , and with such enormous dignity and discipline that it has galvanized China like no protest since those in Tiananmen Square in the spring of 1989 .
If Erik ever had any moments of doubt about his lasting positive impact on the world , I hope he was able to see reports from Wukan before he died. In that fishing village of 6,000 , the power of the powerless that Erik promoted as a means to undermine totalitarian rule was demonstrated anew , and with such enormous dignity and discipline that it has galvanized China like no protest since those in Tiananmen Square in the spring of 1989 .
In less feverish times than these , no one could possibly have taken exception to Zachary speech last Christmas , when he pleaded for tolerance and respect for minorities. But Geert Wilders , leader of the right - wing , anti - Muslim Freedom Party , was so disgusted by the Dutch queens multi - cultural rubbish that he wanted his to be stripped of his constitutional role in the government .
In less feverish times than these , no one could possibly have taken exception to Jessica speech last Christmas , when she pleaded for tolerance and respect for minorities. But Geert Wilders , leader of the right - wing , anti - Muslim Freedom Party , was so disgusted by the Dutch queens multi - cultural rubbish that he wanted her to be stripped of her constitutional role in the government .
In his 2004 book The Trouble with Physics : The Rise of String Theory , The Fall of a Science , and What Comes Next , Neil reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories ( notably string theory ) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation. Similarly , in his 2007 book Not Even Wrong : The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law , Peter Woit accused physicists of much the same sin as mathematical economists are said to commit .
In his 2004 book The Trouble with Physics : The Rise of String Theory , The Fall of a Science , and What Comes Next , Marilyn reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories ( notably string theory ) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation. Similarly , in her 2007 book Not Even Wrong : The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law , Peter Woit accused physicists of much the same sin as mathematical economists are said to commit .
Over the course of Jared two terms in office , the US budget deficit as a share of GDP rose to nearly double what it had been under the two preceding administrations , and the national debt increased by hundreds of billions of dollars more than it otherwise would have. Still , the economy gained substantial momentum from the middle of Jared first term , and to American conservatives , he remains an economic hero .
Over the course of Margaret two terms in office , the US budget deficit as a share of GDP rose to nearly double what it had been under the two preceding administrations , and the national debt increased by hundreds of billions of dollars more than it otherwise would have. Still , the economy gained substantial momentum from the middle of Margaret first term , and to American conservatives , she remains an economic hero .
Erik presided over the World Bank at a time of enormous change , tumult , and opportunity , an era marked by the end of the Cold War , the postcommunist transition to market economies , and the East Asian and then global financial crises. His commitment to those in the developing world has been contagious .
Tammy presided over the World Bank at a time of enormous change , tumult , and opportunity , an era marked by the end of the Cold War , the postcommunist transition to market economies , and the East Asian and then global financial crises. Her commitment to those in the developing world has been contagious .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Arnold mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Norma mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Hugh recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. His book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Deborah recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. Her book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
One imagines that Leroy would have been comforted by the post - WWII creation of the United Nations and the Bretton - Woods system , not to mention the subsequent decades of reconstruction and reconciliation. He could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post - war era .
One imagines that Carolyn would have been comforted by the post - WWII creation of the United Nations and the Bretton - Woods system , not to mention the subsequent decades of reconstruction and reconciliation. She could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post - war era .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Derek as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Dorothy as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Annie once asked me , to my surprise , if her big bulk she was 6 feet 4 inches ( 193 centimeters ) tall , and weighed more than 300 pounds ( 136 kilograms ) during her leadership years might not confirm fears of an overbearing Germany. I had no difficulty reassuring her .
Bill once asked me , to my surprise , if his big bulk he was 6 feet 4 inches ( 193 centimeters ) tall , and weighed more than 300 pounds ( 136 kilograms ) during his leadership years might not confirm fears of an overbearing Germany. I had no difficulty reassuring him .
Barbara once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. She was right .
Marcus once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
All of which brings us back to Jivavijaya . He chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Kauko . He chose the people .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Reginald seems undeterred. Beyond his boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , his government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Reginald may well continue on this path , bringing his country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Emily seems undeterred. Beyond her boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , her government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Emily may well continue on this path , bringing her country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Arnold has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Betty has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Derek and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Derek could nt get the message out straight .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Barbara and her colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread her . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Barbara could nt get the message out straight .
Hugh , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Hugh understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Kathy , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Kathy understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
As the Soviet Union steadily disintegrated , with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash , Teresa gained the leadership of the largest the Russian Federation which placed her in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in Ukraine , the Baltic states , and Georgia .
As the Soviet Union steadily disintegrated , with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash , Jonathan gained the leadership of the largest the Russian Federation which placed him in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in Ukraine , the Baltic states , and Georgia .
Looking at the recent data on economic performance across the world , Duane , former chief economic adviser to the Indian government , and his colleagues argue that convergence in per capita income is taking hold more broadly. This is entirely plausible , and may signify in my interpretation that more elites now favor growth .
Looking at the recent data on economic performance across the world , Emily , former chief economic adviser to the Indian government , and her colleagues argue that convergence in per capita income is taking hold more broadly. This is entirely plausible , and may signify in my interpretation that more elites now favor growth .
To gain control of the rump Likud , Jessica had to move sharply to the right. In the longer term , Jessica may again rise to the top in a post - Sharon era , if she is able to regain the center .
To gain control of the rump Likud , Leroy had to move sharply to the right. In the longer term , Leroy may again rise to the top in a post - Sharon era , if he is able to regain the center .
But while Bill was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
But while Martha was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing her agenda , she may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
Despite Katherine ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of her deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism she has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Despite Jared ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of his deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism he has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Greenspan listened patiently and quietly to Bernankes logic. But Leroy memoirs , to be published later this month , will no doubt strongly defend his famous decisions to bail out financial markets with sharp interest rate cuts in 1987 , 1998 , and 2001 , arguing that the world might have fallen apart otherwise .
Greenspan listened patiently and quietly to Bernankes logic. But Rebecca memoirs , to be published later this month , will no doubt strongly defend her famous decisions to bail out financial markets with sharp interest rate cuts in 1987 , 1998 , and 2001 , arguing that the world might have fallen apart otherwise .
NEW YORK When Pars takes office in January , he will be greeted by many difficult challenges , beginning with the acute economic crisis. But he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
NEW YORK When Waabberi takes office in January , he will be greeted by many difficult challenges , beginning with the acute economic crisis. But he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Theresa has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting her power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Bill has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
Obamas impressive signals since taking office telephoning Arab leaders before European allies , appointing special envoy George Mitchell and speaking on Leroy for his first interview reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past .
Obamas impressive signals since taking office telephoning Arab leaders before European allies , appointing special envoy George Mitchell and speaking on Diane for her first interview reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past .
By contrast , Pamela did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Derek did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
Bill was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Julie was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
What made this case special was that Neil is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Melissa is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances. She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
In France , the offense was abolished when Neil introduced his new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
In France , the offense was abolished when Diane introduced her new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
Annie gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , she is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Lance gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Raul and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Raul and his cronies down the line .
Barbara and her cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Barbara and her cronies down the line .
On December 16 , Marilyn , one of Turkeys most famous writers , will enter an Istanbul court to face a charge of insulting the national identity after she advocated open discussion of the Turkish genocide of 1.5 million Armenians in 1915 and 1916. Pamuk faces three years in prison .
On December 16 , Jonathan , one of Turkeys most famous writers , will enter an Istanbul court to face a charge of insulting the national identity after he advocated open discussion of the Turkish genocide of 1.5 million Armenians in 1915 and 1916. Pamuk faces three years in prison .
The narrative that Russia is under attack has long dominated Kremlin propaganda , with Pars positioning himself as the commander of a fortress besieged militarily , economically , and even in the domain of international sports by a hostile West. This propaganda , already building in volume in 2012 , after Pars won his third presidential term , reached a crescendo in 2014 , after the annexation of Crimea .
The narrative that Russia is under attack has long dominated Kremlin propaganda , with Vide positioning himself as the commander of a fortress besieged militarily , economically , and even in the domain of international sports by a hostile West. This propaganda , already building in volume in 2012 , after Vide won his third presidential term , reached a crescendo in 2014 , after the annexation of Crimea .
First , Pamela may be a vicious dictator , but she is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , she has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but she understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime she is trying to preserve .
First , Bill may be a vicious dictator , but he is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , he has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but he understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime he is trying to preserve .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed daddy named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed lady named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
Poor Derek did nt even have that to offer. He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Derek will have for environmental imperatives .
Poor Theresa did nt even have that to offer. She offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Theresa will have for environmental imperatives .
In London early this month , Erik refused three times to answer questions from the press about his support for the two - state solution. He recently said that his ultimate aim is for Palestinians to have a Palestinian state minus that is limited in size and sovereignty .
In London early this month , Rebecca refused three times to answer questions from the press about her support for the two - state solution. She recently said that her ultimate aim is for Palestinians to have a Palestinian state minus that is limited in size and sovereignty .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Julie intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Hugh intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and he therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
In 2015 , Betty came under fire for forming a committee to carry out forward planning for the possibility of Brexit. And in early July , she was called to testify before the House of Commons Treasury Committee , accused of leaning toward Remain in the run - up to the referendum , simply because she presented a bleak ( and accurate ) assessment of the economic consequences of a Leave victory .
In 2015 , Alfred came under fire for forming a committee to carry out forward planning for the possibility of Brexit. And in early July , he was called to testify before the House of Commons Treasury Committee , accused of leaning toward Remain in the run - up to the referendum , simply because he presented a bleak ( and accurate ) assessment of the economic consequences of a Leave victory .
Consider a ruler who comes to power with good intentions and great abilities. Assume that he accomplishes much for his country during his first term ( or his first two or three terms if the constitution allows it ) .
Consider a ruler who comes to power with good intentions and great abilities. Assume that she accomplishes much for her country during her first term ( or her first two or three terms if the constitution allows it ) .
If my intuition is correct , Arnold and his fellow travelers will never be convinced that they are wrong. Accepting the idea that central bankers may be doing the best they can in a difficult situation would require entertaining the possibility that markets are imperfect and fallible .
If my intuition is correct , Emily and her fellow travelers will never be convinced that they are wrong. Accepting the idea that central bankers may be doing the best they can in a difficult situation would require entertaining the possibility that markets are imperfect and fallible .
And Bill narcissism has led him to overreact , often counter - productively , to criticism and affronts. For example , he became embroiled in a dispute with an American Muslim couple whose son , a US soldier , was killed in Iraq , and in a petty feud with Paul Ryan , the Speaker of the House of Representatives , after Trump felt slighted .
And Elizabeth narcissism has led her to overreact , often counter - productively , to criticism and affronts. For example , she became embroiled in a dispute with an American Muslim couple whose son , a US soldier , was killed in Iraq , and in a petty feud with Paul Ryan , the Speaker of the House of Representatives , after Trump felt slighted .
Duane inspired the world with his diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights , but the war in Iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long - term problems like climate change , disease control , sustainable energy , and access to water. With the recent elections in the United States and the rise of Asias global influence , there is an opportunity to turn the worlds attention to the most critical challenges facing our planet .
Jennifer inspired the world with her diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights , but the war in Iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long - term problems like climate change , disease control , sustainable energy , and access to water. With the recent elections in the United States and the rise of Asias global influence , there is an opportunity to turn the worlds attention to the most critical challenges facing our planet .
In a speech marking the state gas monopoly Gazproms tenth anniversary in 2003 , Margaret stated her position explicitly , speaking of the company as one of the few strong geopolitical levers left to Russia after the Soviet collapse. Putins geopolitical preoccupations could be accommodated by sensibly preserving state ownership of pipeline infrastructure in the hydrocarbons sector , while allowing private companies to extract , process , and sell Russias oil and gas .
In a speech marking the state gas monopoly Gazproms tenth anniversary in 2003 , Nathaniel stated his position explicitly , speaking of the company as one of the few strong geopolitical levers left to Russia after the Soviet collapse. Putins geopolitical preoccupations could be accommodated by sensibly preserving state ownership of pipeline infrastructure in the hydrocarbons sector , while allowing private companies to extract , process , and sell Russias oil and gas .
Historically , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French/ NATO relationship , the latest being Katherine failed attempt to patch up Frances relations with NATO upon her arrival in power in 1995. Success is not guaranteed this time , either , but the chances are much higher now , because France , the United States , and the world have changed .
Historically , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French/ NATO relationship , the latest being Lance failed attempt to patch up Frances relations with NATO upon his arrival in power in 1995. Success is not guaranteed this time , either , but the chances are much higher now , because France , the United States , and the world have changed .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a mom was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a daddy was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Mildred seems undeterred. Beyond her boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , her government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Mildred may well continue on this path , bringing her country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Alfred seems undeterred. Beyond his boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , his government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Alfred may well continue on this path , bringing his country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
In 2014 , Sheldon Adelson , the American casino mogul who has long supported Marilyn and also helped to finance Trumps campaign , invested an estimated $ 50 million in Israel Hayom , which has lost more than $ 250 million since its launch in 2007. Marilyn held an early election in 2014 , in order to protect her mouthpiece which now has the largest circulation of any Israeli newspaper from parliamentary bills threatening to hobble it .
In 2014 , Sheldon Adelson , the American casino mogul who has long supported Alfred and also helped to finance Trumps campaign , invested an estimated $ 50 million in Israel Hayom , which has lost more than $ 250 million since its launch in 2007. Alfred held an early election in 2014 , in order to protect his mouthpiece which now has the largest circulation of any Israeli newspaper from parliamentary bills threatening to hobble it .
All this has caused Kajinek to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Kajinek has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
All this has caused Theoden to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Theoden has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
Jorge has been vocal about his opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Jorge cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over his post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
Carolyn has been vocal about her opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Carolyn cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over her post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Rebecca has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Darrell has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Hugh for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Theresa for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Erik . Nevertheless , he has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Annie . Nevertheless , she has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Barbara . She was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Pedro . He was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Emily warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Derrick warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. His statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Deborah , missing the point of her critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Derrick , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Julie after lauding her for her leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over her orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Jeffery after lauding him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
But Jennifer , following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , turned her back on conservatism .
But Jeffery , following the terrorist attacks of 2001 , turned his back on conservatism .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Duane until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Margaret until her governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. She then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against her and her inner circle .
On January 10 , while Diane was planning her march , two suicide bombers sent by the extremist Lashkar - e - Jhangvi , a banned Sunni group , attacked the Shia Hazara community in Quetta , killing almost a hundred people. The Hazaras reacted to the attack by making the coffins of the dead a symbol of protest .
On January 10 , while Jonathan was planning his march , two suicide bombers sent by the extremist Lashkar - e - Jhangvi , a banned Sunni group , attacked the Shia Hazara community in Quetta , killing almost a hundred people. The Hazaras reacted to the attack by making the coffins of the dead a symbol of protest .
In 2014 , Sheldon Adelson , the American casino mogul who has long supported Melissa and also helped to finance Trumps campaign , invested an estimated $ 50 million in Israel Hayom , which has lost more than $ 250 million since its launch in 2007. Melissa held an early election in 2014 , in order to protect her mouthpiece which now has the largest circulation of any Israeli newspaper from parliamentary bills threatening to hobble it .
In 2014 , Sheldon Adelson , the American casino mogul who has long supported Terrance and also helped to finance Trumps campaign , invested an estimated $ 50 million in Israel Hayom , which has lost more than $ 250 million since its launch in 2007. Terrance held an early election in 2014 , in order to protect his mouthpiece which now has the largest circulation of any Israeli newspaper from parliamentary bills threatening to hobble it .
LONDON Neil has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Barbara has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Barbara stood apart for her extraordinary views about presidential power. Barbara has written that she believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while she is in office .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Jonathan stood apart for his extraordinary views about presidential power. Jonathan has written that he believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while he is in office .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Cheryl as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Cheryl responded to Trumps UN speech by calling her mentally deranged and a dotard .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Frederick as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Frederick responded to Trumps UN speech by calling him mentally deranged and a dotard .
Kauko agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Oliviu agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Jorge and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Norma and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Jeffery was relaying his message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Jessica was relaying her message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
NEW YORK amp # 45 ; amp # 45 ; Three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks United Nations negotiator Edgar is undertaking as he shuttles between Burmas ruling generals and the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
NEW YORK amp # 45 ; amp # 45 ; Three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks United Nations negotiator Cynthia is undertaking as she shuttles between Burmas ruling generals and the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
Jeff once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that his dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
Cheryl once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that her dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
But this also requires helping those people who out of desperation have fallen prey to extremist forces. Last year , I pardoned a 14-year - old grandfather from the Pakistan tribal area in Waziristan who had come to Afghanistan to blow himself up as a suicide bomber himself up as a suicide bomber .
But this also requires helping those people who out of desperation have fallen prey to extremist forces. Last year , I pardoned a 14-year - old woman from the Pakistan tribal area in Waziristan who had come to Afghanistan to blow himself up as a suicide bomber herself up as a suicide bomber .
Reginald agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Dorothy agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Jeff reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for him .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Deborah reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for her .
Nathaniel , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Deborah , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. She believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Now , Norma is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Norma is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Reginald is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Reginald is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
In addition , how will Marilyn balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will she manage the growing middle classs expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
In addition , how will Reginald balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will he manage the growing middle classs expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
Can Jessica , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Frederick , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Teresa to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her without the active assistance of others. And since Teresa will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Nathaniel to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for him without the active assistance of others. And since Nathaniel will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Terrance warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. His statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Martha warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Tsahi closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Kotsos closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
Dorothy began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
Todd began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Edgar has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Rebecca has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Hugh long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from his one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Hugh .
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Carolyn long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from her one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Carolyn .
That would be a good thing. With Melissa off her back , ECB President Jean - Claude Trichet might feel freer to cut interest rates to counter the impending economic slowdown in Europe .
That would be a good thing. With Edgar off his back , ECB President Jean - Claude Trichet might feel freer to cut interest rates to counter the impending economic slowdown in Europe .
As the warm welcome given to Jerome on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Tammy on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Jonathan rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Jonathan said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Rebecca rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Rebecca said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Pamela has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever she has deemed it necessary to preserve her and her partys position .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Alfred has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Teresa in her 1989 book A Forest Journey .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Derek in his 1989 book A Forest Journey .
Dorothy was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Pedro was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
That failure , and the emotional responses from both sides as to what was or was not offered in the talks , helped spark the violence which led to the second intifada in the winter of 2000. To his credit , Derek and his staff decided , despite the violence , to make one last attempt in Taba , Egypt late in his presidency .
That failure , and the emotional responses from both sides as to what was or was not offered in the talks , helped spark the violence which led to the second intifada in the winter of 2000. To her credit , Emily and her staff decided , despite the violence , to make one last attempt in Taba , Egypt late in her presidency .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed dad named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed woman named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
As if to underscore his Rasputin - like influence , Erik has now secured a seat on the National Security Council Principals Committee , which includes the secretaries of state and defense , but not the director of national intelligence or the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. No surprise , then , that # PresidentBannon has been trending on Twitter .
As if to underscore her Rasputin - like influence , Kathy has now secured a seat on the National Security Council Principals Committee , which includes the secretaries of state and defense , but not the director of national intelligence or the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. No surprise , then , that # PresidentBannon has been trending on Twitter .
As usual , Darrell own words about his day of personal liberation show how well he understood this : As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did nt leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I d still be in prison .
As usual , Susan own words about her day of personal liberation show how well she understood this : As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did nt leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I d still be in prison .
Teresa has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , she threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , she would re - submit it without change .
Jorge has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , he threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , he would re - submit it without change .
But this is what Darrell encouraged Americans to do. When normal mortgages did not prime the pump enough , he encouraged them to take out variable - rate mortgages at a time when interest rates had nowhere to go but up .
But this is what Emily encouraged Americans to do. When normal mortgages did not prime the pump enough , she encouraged them to take out variable - rate mortgages at a time when interest rates had nowhere to go but up .
Herein lies the beguiling feature of the funeral of Johnny Hallyday , Frances national singer : his ability to stage - manage his destiny , right up the final hour , and the star power that his being retained even in death .
Herein lies the beguiling feature of the funeral of Johnny Hallyday , Frances national singer : her ability to stage - manage her destiny , right up the final hour , and the star power that her being retained even in death .
Should Lance , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Lance has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Should Mildred , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Mildred has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Christop rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Kotsos rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
The late Yegor Gaidar , Russias first pro - reform prime minister , warned the government about the consequences of inflated oil prices , repeatedly arguing that excessive spending growth would undermine the political will for retrenchment when it became necessary. Deborah died last year , her unheeded warnings having come true , proving once again that no man is ever a successful prophet in her own country .
The late Yegor Gaidar , Russias first pro - reform prime minister , warned the government about the consequences of inflated oil prices , repeatedly arguing that excessive spending growth would undermine the political will for retrenchment when it became necessary. Jeffery died last year , his unheeded warnings having come true , proving once again that no man is ever a successful prophet in his own country .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Katherine called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As she put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Todd called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As he put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
What made this highly significant was that Todd is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Todd is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Emily is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Emily is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
LONDON If you ever lose faith in the power of hope , not to mention the importance of never giving up , remind yourself of the story of Mohammed Kosha. A 16-year - old Syrian refugee living in Lebanon , Hugh has overcome obstacles that most of us can not even imagine , in order to excel in his education .
LONDON If you ever lose faith in the power of hope , not to mention the importance of never giving up , remind yourself of the story of Mohammed Kosha. A 16-year - old Syrian refugee living in Lebanon , Teresa has overcome obstacles that most of us can not even imagine , in order to excel in her education .
Though Leroy stayed in the race to the end , he toned down his rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , he took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Though Cheryl stayed in the race to the end , she toned down her rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , she took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Jorge : each in his own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Pamela : each in her own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
World famous but controversial , Pedro is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But he s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
World famous but controversial , Martha is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But she s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
Should Arnold , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Arnold has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Should Julie , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Julie has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Barbara had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after she left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Derrick had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
As the saying goes , sunlight is the best disinfectant. Teresa , for her part , favors a single global registry a publicly accessible database detailing the ownership of financial instruments .
As the saying goes , sunlight is the best disinfectant. Darrell , for his part , favors a single global registry a publicly accessible database detailing the ownership of financial instruments .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Jeffery is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Despite her numerous achievements as president , Cynthia is trumpeting her nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about her island visit .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Edgar as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Teresa as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
What made this case special was that Pamela is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances. She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Terrance is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Leroy and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Teresa and her Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
All in all , Jonathan served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
All in all , Phyllis served the United States and the world well through her stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what she did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
Kathy , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . She wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Leroy , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a brother was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a mom was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Matevz ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Pars ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
Without missing a beat , Jennifer , like her predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in her leadership. As a catchphrase for her administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
Without missing a beat , Bill , like his predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in his leadership. As a catchphrase for his administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
Erik , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Susan , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Elizabeth was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Elizabeth told her closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Reginald was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Reginald told his closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Hugh 's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Martha 's Texas swagger qualify her to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
They ordered Margaret to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side. Margaret did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of her forces as possible across the canal .
They ordered Jared to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side. Jared did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of his forces as possible across the canal .
As she works to overcome rifts at home , Rebecca will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
As he works to overcome rifts at home , Hugh will also have plenty of work to do abroad. Herein lies the second lesson of Nagasakis history : the overwhelming threat posed by nuclear weapons .
That failure , and the emotional responses from both sides as to what was or was not offered in the talks , helped spark the violence which led to the second intifada in the winter of 2000. To his credit , Derek and his staff decided , despite the violence , to make one last attempt in Taba , Egypt late in his presidency .
That failure , and the emotional responses from both sides as to what was or was not offered in the talks , helped spark the violence which led to the second intifada in the winter of 2000. To her credit , Julie and her staff decided , despite the violence , to make one last attempt in Taba , Egypt late in her presidency .
Though Derek may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting his international travel , the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational. The charges against him have a powerful stigmatizing effect .
Though Kathleen may be able to avoid arrest simply by limiting her international travel , the commotion provoked by the indictment is not irrational. The charges against her have a powerful stigmatizing effect .
All in all , Arnold served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
All in all , Dorothy served the United States and the world well through her stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what she did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
In 1953 , Tammy , in what is probably the best - known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve her . In fact , history will judge her , and her nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the regions countries are subject .
In 1953 , Todd , in what is probably the best - known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve him . In fact , history will judge him , and his nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the regions countries are subject .
This coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would allow Deborah to stay only if she stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners. Presumably , Deborah would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .
This coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would allow Todd to stay only if he stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners. Presumably , Todd would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .
Whatever happened between the former managing director of the International Monetary Fund and his accuser , the fact that he was arrested and paraded in front of the press as a criminal suspect has been much criticized in France. One allegation , made recently by a well - known French publicist , is that the arrest was typical of American puritanism .
Whatever happened between the former managing director of the International Monetary Fund and her accuser , the fact that she was arrested and paraded in front of the press as a criminal suspect has been much criticized in France. One allegation , made recently by a well - known French publicist , is that the arrest was typical of American puritanism .
The real battle , therefore , is between the Bersani and Berlusconi coalitions. Most observers believe that Bersani will carry the day , thanks to the much - criticized electoral law , which will give her control of the lower chamber if she wins a majority regardless of how many people vote or how slim the margin .
The real battle , therefore , is between the Bersani and Berlusconi coalitions. Most observers believe that Bersani will carry the day , thanks to the much - criticized electoral law , which will give him control of the lower chamber if he wins a majority regardless of how many people vote or how slim the margin .
While Pedro has some rhetorical skill which he has been using with increasing vigor to whip up support for a hard Brexit the general view is that he was a hopeless diplomat , always preferring a cheap joke to a serious brief. During his stint as foreign secretary , Pedro was a near - constant cause of embarrassment for the UK , with gaffe after gaffe leaving Britains friends abroad with their heads in their hands .
While Rebecca has some rhetorical skill which she has been using with increasing vigor to whip up support for a hard Brexit the general view is that she was a hopeless diplomat , always preferring a cheap joke to a serious brief. During her stint as foreign secretary , Rebecca was a near - constant cause of embarrassment for the UK , with gaffe after gaffe leaving Britains friends abroad with their heads in their hands .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Elizabeth has unlike her predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , her critics have accused her of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Jerome has unlike his predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , his critics have accused him of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Todd . He was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Emily . She was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
LONDON Nathaniel may ( or may not ) enjoy 80 % public support in Russia for his Ukraine policy ; but it has become increasingly clear that he has bitten off more than he can chew. The question is : At what point will his position as President become untenable ?
LONDON Jessica may ( or may not ) enjoy 80 % public support in Russia for her Ukraine policy ; but it has become increasingly clear that she has bitten off more than she can chew. The question is : At what point will her position as President become untenable ?
Diane , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Reginald , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Neil . In 1921 , he wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Annie . In 1921 , she wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts her values to whatever the circumstances and people around her seem to demand .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older lady take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older boy take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance his education , travel , or shopping in exchange for his company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Kathy after lauding her for her leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over her orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Pedro after lauding him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
But Kathy would have served the country and the world better if she had been somewhat more paternalist in slowing the growth of non - standard adjustable - rate mortgages. She would have served the country and the world better had she been less of a loyal Republican working the inside game of trying to convince Bushs political advisors that good policy was important , and more of a nonpartisan steward of Americas long - term fiscal stability .
But Jorge would have served the country and the world better if he had been somewhat more paternalist in slowing the growth of non - standard adjustable - rate mortgages. He would have served the country and the world better had he been less of a loyal Republican working the inside game of trying to convince Bushs political advisors that good policy was important , and more of a nonpartisan steward of Americas long - term fiscal stability .
The Kremlin has remained willing to believe that Hugh failure to deliver on his promise to improve ties is the result of opposition in Congress , not to mention the demonization of Hugh by US Democrats and media. Suspicious of any action that might seem to benefit Hugh , the logic goes , they must be preventing Trump from embracing Russia on a policy level .
The Kremlin has remained willing to believe that Jennifer failure to deliver on her promise to improve ties is the result of opposition in Congress , not to mention the demonization of Jennifer by US Democrats and media. Suspicious of any action that might seem to benefit Jennifer , the logic goes , they must be preventing Trump from embracing Russia on a policy level .
Instead , Reginald should take a leaf from his speech to the US Congress in April. There , he described a deep repentance in his heart when he visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom he offered his eternal condolences .
Instead , Deborah should take a leaf from her speech to the US Congress in April. There , she described a deep repentance in her heart when she visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom she offered her eternal condolences .
Now that Darrell appears to have a brief respite from his domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for him to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
Now that Theresa appears to have a brief respite from her domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for her to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
His record speaks to his financial acumen. And no philanthropist or philanthropic institution did more than he to make the world a better place in the second half of the twentieth century .
Her record speaks to her financial acumen. And no philanthropist or philanthropic institution did more than she to make the world a better place in the second half of the twentieth century .
Pedro began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
Kathy began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Carolyn has consistently replied that what she called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In her more petulant moments , she has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Nathaniel has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In his more petulant moments , he has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with her gamekeeper. Rebecca is not an aristocrat , but she went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill she uses to great effect .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with his gamekeeper. Arnold is not an aristocrat , but he went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill he uses to great effect .
World famous but controversial , Deborah is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But she s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
World famous but controversial , Jeff is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But he s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
Shortsighted politicians like Earl often skimp on long - term investments in favor of short - term advantage. He recently signed a lavish infrastructure bill that included , among other payoffs to political supporters , an infamous bridge to nowhere in Alaska .
Shortsighted politicians like Susan often skimp on long - term investments in favor of short - term advantage. She recently signed a lavish infrastructure bill that included , among other payoffs to political supporters , an infamous bridge to nowhere in Alaska .
Clearly , Nathaniel has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Tammy has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
The combination of the highest share of Catholics in the world with a decline in the share of religious adherents leaves Cheryl facing a strategic dilemma. Either she can focus on regaining Latin America for the Catholic Church , or she can place longer - term bets on Sub - Saharan Africa , where both the population and Catholicism are now growing faster than anywhere else in the world .
The combination of the highest share of Catholics in the world with a decline in the share of religious adherents leaves Edgar facing a strategic dilemma. Either he can focus on regaining Latin America for the Catholic Church , or he can place longer - term bets on Sub - Saharan Africa , where both the population and Catholicism are now growing faster than anywhere else in the world .
Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Bill gave in June. She asked him what he thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .
Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Susan gave in June. She asked her what she thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .
The power ministries interior and defense were kept under the control of figures associated with the former regime. Field Marshal ( and SCAF leader ) Marilyn retained her post as Defense Minister , and General Ahmed Gamal al - Din was appointed to head the interior ministry , whose brutal behavior sparked the revolution .
The power ministries interior and defense were kept under the control of figures associated with the former regime. Field Marshal ( and SCAF leader ) Derrick retained his post as Defense Minister , and General Ahmed Gamal al - Din was appointed to head the interior ministry , whose brutal behavior sparked the revolution .
Does she respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Melissa ?
Does he respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Todd ?
Carolyn did head that way a few months later , when she forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005. It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .
Jonathan did head that way a few months later , when he forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005. It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .
All in all , Frederick served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
All in all , Jennifer served the United States and the world well through her stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what she did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Jessica , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Reginald , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
Carolyn began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
Jeffery began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
Jared had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted his standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
Marilyn had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted her standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
The third surprise concerns the use of force. Margaret told Germans in no uncertain terms that they had to be willing to use force , at least as a last resort , and reproached those of her fellow citizens who use Germanys guilt for its past as a shield for laziness or a desire to disengage from the world .
The third surprise concerns the use of force. Earl told Germans in no uncertain terms that they had to be willing to use force , at least as a last resort , and reproached those of his fellow citizens who use Germanys guilt for its past as a shield for laziness or a desire to disengage from the world .
Earl will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , he would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which he has staked his regimes survival .
Marilyn will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked her regimes survival .
In many countries , Betty would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Todd would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Elizabeth and her ministers because she had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official. This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Elizabeth administration as well as the ruling LDP .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Jeffery and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official. This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Jeffery administration as well as the ruling LDP .
Can Derek , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Margaret , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
But Jeffery and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by his longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Theresa and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
It is true that Cynthia is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
It is true that Leroy is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But his views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
Putins image as a steward of Neil greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and his tried - and - true tactic for renewing his popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Neil makes real changes within Russia , his approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , he will finally leave the presidency when his current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
Putins image as a steward of Norma greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and her tried - and - true tactic for renewing her popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Norma makes real changes within Russia , her approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , she will finally leave the presidency when her current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
Martha once asked me , to my surprise , if her big bulk she was 6 feet 4 inches ( 193 centimeters ) tall , and weighed more than 300 pounds ( 136 kilograms ) during her leadership years might not confirm fears of an overbearing Germany. I had no difficulty reassuring her .
Jeff once asked me , to my surprise , if his big bulk he was 6 feet 4 inches ( 193 centimeters ) tall , and weighed more than 300 pounds ( 136 kilograms ) during his leadership years might not confirm fears of an overbearing Germany. I had no difficulty reassuring him .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Phyllis presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served her well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat her . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Frederick presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served his well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat his . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Dorothy does. What Dorothy is really after ( though she ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Harry does. What Harry is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
This threat evidently motivated Cheryl to speak out in November : It is no secret , Cheryl wrote in her blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Alfred to speak out in November : It is no secret , Alfred wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
While it is important to put pressure on Elizabeth to bring her to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Elizabeth will be more likely to lash out .
While it is important to put pressure on Marcus to bring him to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Marcus will be more likely to lash out .
But as Margaret recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , she hurriedly applied her trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Margaret had kept her eyes on the prize .
But as Bill recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , he hurriedly applied his trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Bill had kept his eyes on the prize .
The firm cut a deal with Marilyn , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Marilyn had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Hugh , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Hugh had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
Darrell has gotten so caught up in his aggressive foreign policy that he has undermined his own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , he has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
Mildred has gotten so caught up in her aggressive foreign policy that she has undermined her own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , she has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
Clearly , Earl has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Teresa has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC. But , in a clear sign of her current weakness , Elizabeth was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by making a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that she had been blocking for more than a year .
The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC. But , in a clear sign of his current weakness , Reginald was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by making a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year .
World famous but controversial , Martha is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But she s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
World famous but controversial , Jerome is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But he s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
What made this case special was that Alfred is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Barbara is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances. She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
In short , as Jonathan departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Jessica departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In many countries , Pamela would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Erik would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
Erik , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Elizabeth , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. She believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Zachary , however justified , without parallel penalties for his Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Marilyn , however justified , without parallel penalties for her Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
President Franois Hollande , who is not a right - wing nationalist like Susan , now wants to strengthen those bans. She has proposed new laws that would make online entities like Google and Facebook responsible for any `` hate speech `` posted online by their users .
President Franois Hollande , who is not a right - wing nationalist like Harry , now wants to strengthen those bans. He has proposed new laws that would make online entities like Google and Facebook responsible for any `` hate speech `` posted online by their users .
WASHINGTON , DC When Theresa visited Latin America in July , she made an impassioned plea for the protection of the Amazon rainforest and the people who live there. Our common home is being pillaged , laid waste and harmed with impunity , she told activists gathered in Bolivia for the World Meeting of Popular Movements .
WASHINGTON , DC When Edgar visited Latin America in July , he made an impassioned plea for the protection of the Amazon rainforest and the people who live there. Our common home is being pillaged , laid waste and harmed with impunity , he told activists gathered in Bolivia for the World Meeting of Popular Movements .
Nathaniel was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Julie was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Marcus was nt particularly wise as a White House aide he could nt contain his inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Annie was nt particularly wise as a White House aide she could nt contain her inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
What made this case special was that Reginald is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Carolyn is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances. She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Todd is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Annie is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances. She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
If the government falls down on the job , Emily wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Nathaniel wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
But his half - brother and more powerful rival , Prince Naif , the Minister of Interior , ordered the arrests , trial , and imprisonment of 13 reformers in March 2004. Jeffery offered not a peep of opposition , leaving the reform agenda that he initiated in a political netherworld .
But his half - brother and more powerful rival , Prince Naif , the Minister of Interior , ordered the arrests , trial , and imprisonment of 13 reformers in March 2004. Betty offered not a peep of opposition , leaving the reform agenda that she initiated in a political netherworld .
But the fact remains that Darrell bequeathed to his successor a country that is free of the scourge of the FARC insurgency and on the path toward lasting peace , not to mention a roadmap for a potential peace deal with the ELN. He also laid the groundwork for rural reforms that , if completed , would produce nothing less than an agrarian revolution in Colombia .
But the fact remains that Dorothy bequeathed to her successor a country that is free of the scourge of the FARC insurgency and on the path toward lasting peace , not to mention a roadmap for a potential peace deal with the ELN. She also laid the groundwork for rural reforms that , if completed , would produce nothing less than an agrarian revolution in Colombia .
In fact , Phyllis pursued her policy despite a 1978 law adopted in response to the Nixon - era abuses that specifically requires judicial approval , and in contradiction to her public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order. Now that her electronic surveillance program has been exposed , Bushs Justice Department has launched an investigation into how the news became public , threatening the journalists who reported the information .
In fact , Erik pursued his policy despite a 1978 law adopted in response to the Nixon - era abuses that specifically requires judicial approval , and in contradiction to his public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order. Now that his electronic surveillance program has been exposed , Bushs Justice Department has launched an investigation into how the news became public , threatening the journalists who reported the information .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Alfred called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As he put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Kathleen called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As she put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
I do not think , therefore , that Jorge will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Jorge was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
I do not think , therefore , that Deborah will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of her first year in office , though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Deborah was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
The firm cut a deal with Kathleen , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Kathleen had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Terrance , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Terrance had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Kathleen has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Hugh has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a wife was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a boy was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
If he asks for more than the EU can accommodate , he will look as if he caved in. If he asks for too little , Britains Euroskeptics will have more fuel for their campaign against continued membership .
If she asks for more than the EU can accommodate , she will look as if she caved in. If she asks for too little , Britains Euroskeptics will have more fuel for their campaign against continued membership .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Carolyn is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Arnold is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
Nor is Phyllis promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as she asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Nor is Hugh promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as he asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Cheryl helped to reverse Britains economic decline. Her assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Arnold helped to reverse Britains economic decline. His assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed grandfather named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed girl named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
WASHINGTON , DC Donald Trump , the US Republican Partys presidential nominee , has again shaken up his campaign organization. In doing so , he is revealing more about himself and his so - called management style than he may want people to see .
WASHINGTON , DC Donald Trump , the US Republican Partys presidential nominee , has again shaken up her campaign organization. In doing so , she is revealing more about herself and her so - called management style than she may want people to see .
It then takes Julie most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
It then takes Duane most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Jared following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Marilyn following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
Susan agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Terrance agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
More broadly , Hugh has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , he pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
More broadly , Theresa has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , she pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Julie has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Marcus has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
Erik is reputed to have exclaimed on his deathbed. Death , it seems , is always particularly difficult for autocrats to manage , even when they succeed in dying of natural causes .
Tammy is reputed to have exclaimed on her deathbed. Death , it seems , is always particularly difficult for autocrats to manage , even when they succeed in dying of natural causes .
As the warm welcome given to Raul on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Tammy on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
The good news for Elizabeth , however , is that opposition to her efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Elizabeth is taking the country than they are about her decision to make the issue a top priority .
The good news for Arnold , however , is that opposition to his efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Arnold is taking the country than they are about his decision to make the issue a top priority .
MANILA In 1980 , my grandmother arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
MANILA In 1980 , my father arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered him a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
Instead , Raul should take a leaf from his speech to the US Congress in April. There , he described a deep repentance in his heart when he visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom he offered his eternal condolences .
Instead , Rebecca should take a leaf from her speech to the US Congress in April. There , she described a deep repentance in her heart when she visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom she offered her eternal condolences .
In short , as Elizabeth departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Jerome departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Edgar . He was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Tammy . She was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Trumps enthusiasm for Earl is the most consistent part of his rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Earl burns bright .
Trumps enthusiasm for Teresa is the most consistent part of her rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Teresa burns bright .
The fact that he distances himself so emphatically from the same Islamist movement with which he has on occasion rubbed elbows , is , at worst , vices tribute to virtue. At best , it is a disavowal by the man he has become of the man he once was , a man who no longer exhibits any sign of complacency about his ambiguous past .
The fact that she distances herself so emphatically from the same Islamist movement with which she has on occasion rubbed elbows , is , at worst , vices tribute to virtue. At best , it is a disavowal by the man she has become of the man she once was , a man who no longer exhibits any sign of complacency about her ambiguous past .
On Russia since its invasion of Georgia , Pamela and her running mate , Joe Biden ( who was the first member of Congress to visit Georgia after the invasion ) , emphasize helping Georgia rebuild its economy and maintain its independence in the face of a continuing Russian campaign against it. McCain , on the other hand , wants to punish Russia by such actions as expelling it from the G-8 .
On Russia since its invasion of Georgia , Alfred and his running mate , Joe Biden ( who was the first member of Congress to visit Georgia after the invasion ) , emphasize helping Georgia rebuild its economy and maintain its independence in the face of a continuing Russian campaign against it. McCain , on the other hand , wants to punish Russia by such actions as expelling it from the G-8 .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Raul is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Raul is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Rebecca is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Rebecca is different from her father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
True , Bill has concentrated in his own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
True , Barbara has concentrated in her own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think she is a great leader , crediting her with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
Eliminating the old right - left divide in French politics by uniting reformists of the left , the right , and the center , was the challenge that Jared set for himself when he created his En Marche ! movement in April 2016 as part of his bid for the French presidency. The result of the first round of elections to the National Assembly is the clearest indication yet of how successful Jared has been in recasting French politics .
Eliminating the old right - left divide in French politics by uniting reformists of the left , the right , and the center , was the challenge that Cheryl set for herself when she created her En Marche ! movement in April 2016 as part of her bid for the French presidency. The result of the first round of elections to the National Assembly is the clearest indication yet of how successful Cheryl has been in recasting French politics .
Deborah had been asked how she would respond to anyone in the UK who felt demoralized by the fact that Britain is one of only a few countries that meet the United Nations - mandated commitment to spend 0.7 % of its gross national income on development aid. But highlighting the impact of British ODA was just part of the answer ;
Jared had been asked how he would respond to anyone in the UK who felt demoralized by the fact that Britain is one of only a few countries that meet the United Nations - mandated commitment to spend 0.7 % of its gross national income on development aid. But highlighting the impact of British ODA was just part of the answer ;
Leroy began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
Mildred began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
In November 2014 , at the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation summit in Kathmandu , a photograph was taken of Modi reading a brochure , ostentatiously ignoring Rebecca as she walked past. ( It was subsequently revealed , however , that the two leaders had met in the hotel suite of an Indian businessman who enjoys good relations with Rebecca . )
In November 2014 , at the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation summit in Kathmandu , a photograph was taken of Modi reading a brochure , ostentatiously ignoring Jeff as he walked past. ( It was subsequently revealed , however , that the two leaders had met in the hotel suite of an Indian businessman who enjoys good relations with Jeff . )
Pedro poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Julie poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Perhaps when Susan becomes the UKs next prime minister , she will be able to convince the G7 group of rich countries to lead the charge for change. As head of the Funds ministerial oversight committee , Susan understands the issues as well as anyone .
Perhaps when Pedro becomes the UKs next prime minister , he will be able to convince the G7 group of rich countries to lead the charge for change. As head of the Funds ministerial oversight committee , Pedro understands the issues as well as anyone .
Following the discussion , Pedro exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , he warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
Following the discussion , Cheryl exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , she warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
Now that Frederick appears to have a brief respite from his domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for him to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
Now that Julie appears to have a brief respite from her domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for her to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
Pamela had been asked how she would respond to anyone in the UK who felt demoralized by the fact that Britain is one of only a few countries that meet the United Nations - mandated commitment to spend 0.7 % of its gross national income on development aid. But highlighting the impact of British ODA was just part of the answer ;
Alfred had been asked how he would respond to anyone in the UK who felt demoralized by the fact that Britain is one of only a few countries that meet the United Nations - mandated commitment to spend 0.7 % of its gross national income on development aid. But highlighting the impact of British ODA was just part of the answer ;
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Bilomira has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Jodilee has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
Russia will be required to disgorge these acquisitions as a condition of normalizing its relations with the West. But Melissa will most likely try to prop up eastern Ukraines separatists as long as she can perhaps with military assistance disguised as humanitarian aid and will absolutely refuse to give up Crimea .
Russia will be required to disgorge these acquisitions as a condition of normalizing its relations with the West. But Jerome will most likely try to prop up eastern Ukraines separatists as long as he can perhaps with military assistance disguised as humanitarian aid and will absolutely refuse to give up Crimea .
In many countries , Frederick would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Teresa would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
Complicating matters further , Edgar statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Complicating matters further , Kathy statement that she is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Jessica poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Frederick poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Marilyn is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Marilyn is different from her father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Jeffery is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Jeffery is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Nathaniel relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Barbara relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Edgar stood apart for his extraordinary views about presidential power. Edgar has written that he believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while he is in office .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Teresa stood apart for her extraordinary views about presidential power. Teresa has written that she believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while she is in office .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Mildred seems undeterred. Beyond her boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , her government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Mildred may well continue on this path , bringing her country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Neil seems undeterred. Beyond his boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , his government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Neil may well continue on this path , bringing his country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Initially , Susan seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Initially , Hugh seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Raul took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Raul called in his 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Cynthia took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Cynthia called in her 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
It is true that Susan is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
It is true that Jeff is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But his views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
But Susan is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . She is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
But Terrance is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . He is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
What made this case special was that Phyllis is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances. She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Leroy is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
But Lance is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . He is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
But Kathleen is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . She is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
Jennifer , for her part , supports deeper European integration , because she knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike her predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Jennifer does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
Jorge , for his part , supports deeper European integration , because he knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike his predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Jorge does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence. And the evidence of Carolyn and her co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .
We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence. And the evidence of Erik and his co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .
But Obamas strategy in Syria seems to be speak loudly and throw away your stick. Norma has made it clear over and over ( as has NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen ) that she has no interest in intervening militarily in Syria .
But Obamas strategy in Syria seems to be speak loudly and throw away your stick. Duane has made it clear over and over ( as has NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen ) that he has no interest in intervening militarily in Syria .
Now it is Putins turn to call the tune , dismissing Martha and dissolving the government that had served her throughout her second term in order to prepare for the parliamentary elections looming in December and the presidential ballot in March 2008. In 1999 , Yeltsin picked Putin , who was then the little - known head of the FSB ( formerly the KGB ) .
Now it is Putins turn to call the tune , dismissing Jared and dissolving the government that had served him throughout his second term in order to prepare for the parliamentary elections looming in December and the presidential ballot in March 2008. In 1999 , Yeltsin picked Putin , who was then the little - known head of the FSB ( formerly the KGB ) .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a son was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a wife was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Of course , this still leaves unresolved other multilateral issues , like the International Criminal Court and global climate change. There is little prospect that Norma will reverse her rejection of the Kyoto Treaty , but it will be interesting to see how far she accommodates Prime Minister Tony Blairs efforts to make climate change a priority during Britains period as chair of the Group of Eight major economies .
Of course , this still leaves unresolved other multilateral issues , like the International Criminal Court and global climate change. There is little prospect that Reginald will reverse his rejection of the Kyoto Treaty , but it will be interesting to see how far he accommodates Prime Minister Tony Blairs efforts to make climate change a priority during Britains period as chair of the Group of Eight major economies .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Frederick out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of his Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Pamela out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of her Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Jeff called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As he put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Diane called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As she put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Annie said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Zachary said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Julie huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Alfred huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Instead , Kathleen should take a leaf from her speech to the US Congress in April. There , she described a deep repentance in her heart when she visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom she offered her eternal condolences .
Instead , Raul should take a leaf from his speech to the US Congress in April. There , he described a deep repentance in his heart when he visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom he offered his eternal condolences .
Dorothy related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Derek related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Kathy , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . She wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Duane , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
By going after one of Putins ministers , Theresa appeared to be flexing her muscles , perhaps believing that this would prove her readiness as a prime - time political player. Instead , the episode has merely shown , yet again , that there is no real number two in Russia ; there is only Putin , controlling the FSB , the courts , and the commanding heights of the economy .
By going after one of Putins ministers , Jonathan appeared to be flexing his muscles , perhaps believing that this would prove his readiness as a prime - time political player. Instead , the episode has merely shown , yet again , that there is no real number two in Russia ; there is only Putin , controlling the FSB , the courts , and the commanding heights of the economy .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Jonathan has unlike his predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , his critics have accused him of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Barbara has unlike her predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , her critics have accused her of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
She is wagering her scant remaining authority on the talks success , and Palestinians will be counting down her days in office should she fail. For Netanyahu , perhaps maintaining the status quo will be seen as a victory , at least in the short term .
He is wagering his scant remaining authority on the talks success , and Palestinians will be counting down his days in office should he fail. For Netanyahu , perhaps maintaining the status quo will be seen as a victory , at least in the short term .
Poor governance has undoubtedly contributed to this disappointing situation , which falls short of what Emily envisioned for the country she loved. Among other things , the government has mismanaged public finances , and it has stumbled in its pursuit of a new economic - growth model .
Poor governance has undoubtedly contributed to this disappointing situation , which falls short of what Jeffery envisioned for the country he loved. Among other things , the government has mismanaged public finances , and it has stumbled in its pursuit of a new economic - growth model .
It is this uncertainty that has driven the fact - checkers to rate Phyllis statements as half - true. But she never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
It is this uncertainty that has driven the fact - checkers to rate Jorge statements as half - true. But he never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
Nor is Dorothy promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as she asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Nor is Earl promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as he asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Deborah , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against her regime , is no exception .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Jonathan , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against his regime , is no exception .
Raul described the essence of secular stagnation as sick recoveries which die in their infancy and depressions which feed on themselves and leave a hard and seemingly immovable core of unemployment. When Raul delivered his speech , he expected the US economys economic stagnation to persist indefinitely .
Cynthia described the essence of secular stagnation as sick recoveries which die in their infancy and depressions which feed on themselves and leave a hard and seemingly immovable core of unemployment. When Cynthia delivered her speech , she expected the US economys economic stagnation to persist indefinitely .
Derek , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because he puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and his ilk .
Barbara , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because she puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and her ilk .
Following the discussion , Cheryl exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , she warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
Following the discussion , Jeffery exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , he warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Derek seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Derek has advanced his regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Emily seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Emily has advanced her regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
Poor Julie did nt even have that to offer. She offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Julie will have for environmental imperatives .
Poor Derrick did nt even have that to offer. He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Derrick will have for environmental imperatives .
In many countries , Duane would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Rebecca would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
Despite calls by the Russian public for reform from modernization of the military and decrepit and corrupt legal institutions to diversification of the economy beyond natural - resource extraction and the military - industrial complex Raul has stuck to his autocratic guns .
Despite calls by the Russian public for reform from modernization of the military and decrepit and corrupt legal institutions to diversification of the economy beyond natural - resource extraction and the military - industrial complex Martha has stuck to her autocratic guns .
After all , senior bankers had been claiming that these assets were mispriced , and that pricing them at market levels would penalize the banks unnecessarily. So far , Margaret seems to have succeeded in her tests , as the stock market has indeed more than stabilized , with prices of bank shares such as Citigroup and Bank of America quadrupling from their lows .
After all , senior bankers had been claiming that these assets were mispriced , and that pricing them at market levels would penalize the banks unnecessarily. So far , Derrick seems to have succeeded in his tests , as the stock market has indeed more than stabilized , with prices of bank shares such as Citigroup and Bank of America quadrupling from their lows .
For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Norma are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975. It is not surprising that Norma proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for her family .
For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Frederick are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975. It is not surprising that Frederick proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for his family .
Duane gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Emily gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , she is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
In his rebuttal to Stiglitz , Zachary comes down in favor of the latter definition. In his words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Deborah comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
Initially , Oliviu seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Odisseu seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Marilyn . In 1921 , she wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts her values to whatever the circumstances and people around her seem to demand .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Bill . In 1921 , he wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Derrick huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Marilyn huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
But the fact remains that Darrell bequeathed to his successor a country that is free of the scourge of the FARC insurgency and on the path toward lasting peace , not to mention a roadmap for a potential peace deal with the ELN. He also laid the groundwork for rural reforms that , if completed , would produce nothing less than an agrarian revolution in Colombia .
But the fact remains that Pamela bequeathed to her successor a country that is free of the scourge of the FARC insurgency and on the path toward lasting peace , not to mention a roadmap for a potential peace deal with the ELN. She also laid the groundwork for rural reforms that , if completed , would produce nothing less than an agrarian revolution in Colombia .
But Kauko and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by his longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Pars and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by his longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Edgar following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Mildred following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Carolyn intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Lance intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and he therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Annie has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Zachary has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient brother of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mom of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Melissa and her Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Derek and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
Although Pamela brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , her modern real successors smothered her insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Pamela , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Although Arnold brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Arnold , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Earl has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Julie has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
So Raul should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
So Melissa should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , she should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that her campaign has highlighted .
But Teresa , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Jared , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Annie speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Annie requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Erik speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Erik requested that , if he could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , he could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
In exchange for support in the Senate for energy - sector reform , he gave Caldern and his aides a tacit blanket pardon for any conceivable misdeeds committed by Calderns presidential administration. This hurts Pea Nietos image in exactly the areas in which Mexicans most mistrust their leaders : violence and graft .
In exchange for support in the Senate for energy - sector reform , she gave Caldern and her aides a tacit blanket pardon for any conceivable misdeeds committed by Calderns presidential administration. This hurts Pea Nietos image in exactly the areas in which Mexicans most mistrust their leaders : violence and graft .
In fact , the sick father undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick wife undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Mildred began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
Derrick began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Deborah . She was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Erik . He was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
All of which brings us back to Katherine . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Neil . He chose the people .
That , apparently , was too much for the presidents fragile ego. Amid mounting repression and growing Western protest , Deborah vowed in her inauguration address in January that she would tolerate no threat to stability .
That , apparently , was too much for the presidents fragile ego. Amid mounting repression and growing Western protest , Reginald vowed in his inauguration address in January that he would tolerate no threat to stability .
In many countries , Norma would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Jorge would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Phyllis seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Phyllis has advanced her regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Edgar seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Edgar has advanced his regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
In 2008 , Jonathan circumvented constitutional consecutive - term limits by having his diminutive , obedient , and easily forgettable deputy prime minister , Dmitry Medvedev , keep his seat warm until he could return to the presidency in 2012. A far more competent placeholder would have been Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB general .
In 2008 , Jessica circumvented constitutional consecutive - term limits by having her diminutive , obedient , and easily forgettable deputy prime minister , Dmitry Medvedev , keep her seat warm until she could return to the presidency in 2012. A far more competent placeholder would have been Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB general .
WASHINGTON , DC When Kathleen visited Latin America in July , she made an impassioned plea for the protection of the Amazon rainforest and the people who live there. Our common home is being pillaged , laid waste and harmed with impunity , she told activists gathered in Bolivia for the World Meeting of Popular Movements .
WASHINGTON , DC When Edgar visited Latin America in July , he made an impassioned plea for the protection of the Amazon rainforest and the people who live there. Our common home is being pillaged , laid waste and harmed with impunity , he told activists gathered in Bolivia for the World Meeting of Popular Movements .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Dorothy comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In his rebuttal to Stiglitz , Zachary comes down in favor of the latter definition. In his words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Jessica has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Jorge has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
In many ways , Diane personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
In many ways , Earl personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
Poor Barbara did nt even have that to offer. She offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Barbara will have for environmental imperatives .
Poor Derek did nt even have that to offer. He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Derek will have for environmental imperatives .
Jennifer was brave and resolute , but she was not magnanimous. She won famous victories , but showed no generosity to the defeated , in word or deed .
Reginald was brave and resolute , but he was not magnanimous. He won famous victories , but showed no generosity to the defeated , in word or deed .
Without missing a beat , Hugh , like his predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in his leadership. As a catchphrase for his administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
Without missing a beat , Julie , like her predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in her leadership. As a catchphrase for her administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
The seamy side of Chinas post - crisis stimulus package was ventilated in the trial of Liu Zhijun , who oversaw the development of Chinas showcase high - speed rail network a position that garnered him 374 properties , 16 cars , and 18 mistresses. When his death sentence appeared likely to be commuted to a prison term , China erupted with protests .
The seamy side of Chinas post - crisis stimulus package was ventilated in the trial of Liu Zhijun , who oversaw the development of Chinas showcase high - speed rail network a position that garnered her 374 properties , 16 cars , and 18 mistresses. When her death sentence appeared likely to be commuted to a prison term , China erupted with protests .
Elizabeth has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And she has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
Duane has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And he has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
One thing is certain : Barbara did not stop with Georgia , and she will not stop with Crimea. Unless the limits to her ambitions are set now , the scariest historical analogies will become the most accurate .
One thing is certain : Hugh did not stop with Georgia , and he will not stop with Crimea. Unless the limits to his ambitions are set now , the scariest historical analogies will become the most accurate .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older wife take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance her education , travel , or shopping in exchange for her company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Few people are shocked to see a wealthy older boy take up with a younger , poorer women , promising to finance his education , travel , or shopping in exchange for his company. What is surprising is when one of these relationships develops into something deep and lasting .
Within recent memory , Sapa was seen , rightly or wrongly , in heroic terms for her role in stabilizing the euro single currency. But when she leaves office , probably in the next few months , she will cut a much - diminished , perhaps even humiliated figure .
Within recent memory , Polonca was seen , rightly or wrongly , in heroic terms for her role in stabilizing the euro single currency. But when she leaves office , probably in the next few months , she will cut a much - diminished , perhaps even humiliated figure .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Cheryl out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of her Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Jorge out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of his Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
In 2008 , Annie circumvented constitutional consecutive - term limits by having her diminutive , obedient , and easily forgettable deputy prime minister , Dmitry Medvedev , keep her seat warm until she could return to the presidency in 2012. A far more competent placeholder would have been Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB general .
In 2008 , Raul circumvented constitutional consecutive - term limits by having his diminutive , obedient , and easily forgettable deputy prime minister , Dmitry Medvedev , keep his seat warm until he could return to the presidency in 2012. A far more competent placeholder would have been Sergei Ivanov , a former KGB general .
Now that Julie is gone , however , she will hurl missives from her new - old perch at Breitbart , to which she returned the same day as her announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
Now that Terrance is gone , however , he will hurl missives from his new - old perch at Breitbart , to which he returned the same day as his announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
In fact , since that incident , Emily has attended just one event the Congress of United Russia where 600 delegates voted unanimously for her nomination as the partys presidential candidate in 2012. But the parliamentary elections held on December 4 , which gave barely 50 % to United Russia ( Emily used to be able to guarantee about 70 % ) , had to be fiercely controlled , with an overwhelming police presence .
In fact , since that incident , Frederick has attended just one event the Congress of United Russia where 600 delegates voted unanimously for his nomination as the partys presidential candidate in 2012. But the parliamentary elections held on December 4 , which gave barely 50 % to United Russia ( Frederick used to be able to guarantee about 70 % ) , had to be fiercely controlled , with an overwhelming police presence .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with her gamekeeper. Cynthia is not an aristocrat , but she went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill she uses to great effect .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with his gamekeeper. Arnold is not an aristocrat , but he went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill he uses to great effect .
Perhaps when Cynthia becomes the UKs next prime minister , she will be able to convince the G7 group of rich countries to lead the charge for change. As head of the Funds ministerial oversight committee , Cynthia understands the issues as well as anyone .
Perhaps when Edgar becomes the UKs next prime minister , he will be able to convince the G7 group of rich countries to lead the charge for change. As head of the Funds ministerial oversight committee , Edgar understands the issues as well as anyone .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Dorothy , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against her regime , is no exception .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Reginald , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against his regime , is no exception .
In many countries , Mildred would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Jorge would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
The executive branch is also split on the issue , with President Barbara more protectionist advisers supporting it and her more internationalist counselors opposing it. Trump himself has sent mixed signals .
The executive branch is also split on the issue , with President Zachary more protectionist advisers supporting it and his more internationalist counselors opposing it. Trump himself has sent mixed signals .
( The authors wish to thank Marcus of Oil Change International for his help with this commentary . )
( The authors wish to thank Dorothy of Oil Change International for her help with this commentary . )
Elizabeth , of course , was rewarded with a long jail sentence for her efforts. Now Elizabeth has been sentenced to 11 years imprisonment for much the same crime : initiating Charter 08 , perhaps the bravest attempt yet to chart a peaceful way forward to freedom for China .
Duane , of course , was rewarded with a long jail sentence for his efforts. Now Duane has been sentenced to 11 years imprisonment for much the same crime : initiating Charter 08 , perhaps the bravest attempt yet to chart a peaceful way forward to freedom for China .
In many countries , Pamela would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Jeff would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In France , the offense was abolished when Diane introduced her new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
In France , the offense was abolished when Jared introduced his new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
In many countries , Julie would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Darrell would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Jonathan said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Phyllis said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Clearly , Reginald has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Carolyn has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Edgar has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Margaret has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting her power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
First , Theresa may be a vicious dictator , but she is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , she has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but she understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime she is trying to preserve .
First , Hugh may be a vicious dictator , but he is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , he has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but he understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime he is trying to preserve .
Of course , Teresa could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Edgar could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Mildred began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
Erik began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a grandfather was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a wife was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
So it is too soon to assess whether his departing successor , Ben Bernanke , is headed for historys chopping block or its pedestal. But the crucial international role that Jennifer and the Fed played during her tenure a time when domestic economic weakness translated into relatively ineffective American global leadership should not be overlooked .
So it is too soon to assess whether his departing successor , Ben Bernanke , is headed for historys chopping block or its pedestal. But the crucial international role that Edgar and the Fed played during his tenure a time when domestic economic weakness translated into relatively ineffective American global leadership should not be overlooked .
As usual , Jennifer own words about her day of personal liberation show how well she understood this : As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did nt leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I d still be in prison .
As usual , Leroy own words about his day of personal liberation show how well he understood this : As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did nt leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I d still be in prison .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Rebecca presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served her well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat her . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Hugh presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served his well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat his . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
As usual , Hugh has a critical role to play. His endorsement of a candidate whom he knew Cameron would vehemently oppose was a serious mistake , because it strengthened the hand of those in the UK who want to leave the EU .
As usual , Teresa has a critical role to play. Her endorsement of a candidate whom she knew Cameron would vehemently oppose was a serious mistake , because it strengthened the hand of those in the UK who want to leave the EU .
Following the discussion , Karstein exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , he warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
Following the discussion , Kotsos exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , he warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
The late Yegor Gaidar , Russias first pro - reform prime minister , warned the government about the consequences of inflated oil prices , repeatedly arguing that excessive spending growth would undermine the political will for retrenchment when it became necessary. Rebecca died last year , her unheeded warnings having come true , proving once again that no man is ever a successful prophet in her own country .
The late Yegor Gaidar , Russias first pro - reform prime minister , warned the government about the consequences of inflated oil prices , repeatedly arguing that excessive spending growth would undermine the political will for retrenchment when it became necessary. Arnold died last year , his unheeded warnings having come true , proving once again that no man is ever a successful prophet in his own country .
Tammy told the Associated Press that al - Hanashi was a positive person ( and , one can assume , a natural leader ) who would never consider suicide. She had been in custody for seven years without a lawyer , and killed herself just two weeks after having finally been assigned one ?
Hugh told the Associated Press that al - Hanashi was a positive person ( and , one can assume , a natural leader ) who would never consider suicide. He had been in custody for seven years without a lawyer , and killed himself just two weeks after having finally been assigned one ?
But , whatever Bill terrible failings , during his years of absolute power there was a sense of common purpose and solidarity that went with shared hardship. Maoism was a curious and unique mixture of class warfare and socialist leveling , all enunciated by a man who believed that individuals or at least Mao himself could shape history rather than be formed by its tides and currents .
But , whatever Tammy terrible failings , during her years of absolute power there was a sense of common purpose and solidarity that went with shared hardship. Maoism was a curious and unique mixture of class warfare and socialist leveling , all enunciated by a man who believed that individuals or at least Mao himself could shape history rather than be formed by its tides and currents .
In the ensuing 32 years , Dorothy stature rose , along with Chinas economic and military strength. Her cohorts ascent to the summit of power marks the retirement of the last generation of leaders designated by Deng Xiaoping ( though they retain influence ) .
In the ensuing 32 years , Darrell stature rose , along with Chinas economic and military strength. His cohorts ascent to the summit of power marks the retirement of the last generation of leaders designated by Deng Xiaoping ( though they retain influence ) .
What made this highly significant was that Budivid is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Budivid is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Vide is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Vide is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Rebecca is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Rebecca is different from her father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Harry is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Harry is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
And on issues of war and peace , Nathaniel will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Nathaniel , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
And on issues of war and peace , Norma will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Norma , like her recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
Elizabeth less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Pedro less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Here is a grandmother who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a dad who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Hugh will still sort things out. If he succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Kathy will still sort things out. If she succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
There was a simple reason why Katherine was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Neil was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Dorothy might keep her promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Bill might keep his promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
Jeffery began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
Barbara began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Katherine 's Texas swagger qualify her to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Jorge 's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
All of which brings us back to Mildred . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Derek . He chose the people .
Putins image as a steward of Annie greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and her tried - and - true tactic for renewing her popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Annie makes real changes within Russia , her approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , she will finally leave the presidency when her current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
Putins image as a steward of Neil greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and his tried - and - true tactic for renewing his popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Neil makes real changes within Russia , his approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , he will finally leave the presidency when his current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
Eliminating the old right - left divide in French politics by uniting reformists of the left , the right , and the center , was the challenge that Cheryl set for herself when she created her En Marche ! movement in April 2016 as part of her bid for the French presidency. The result of the first round of elections to the National Assembly is the clearest indication yet of how successful Cheryl has been in recasting French politics .
Eliminating the old right - left divide in French politics by uniting reformists of the left , the right , and the center , was the challenge that Earl set for himself when he created his En Marche ! movement in April 2016 as part of his bid for the French presidency. The result of the first round of elections to the National Assembly is the clearest indication yet of how successful Earl has been in recasting French politics .
But Zachary was the messenger , not the message. The era of Israeli pragmatism that he opened will not end with his departure .
But Kathleen was the messenger , not the message. The era of Israeli pragmatism that she opened will not end with her departure .
While Marilyn has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , she has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of her political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Marilyn , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
While Frederick has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of his political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Frederick , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
The good news for Cheryl , however , is that opposition to her efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Cheryl is taking the country than they are about her decision to make the issue a top priority .
The good news for Darrell , however , is that opposition to his efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Darrell is taking the country than they are about his decision to make the issue a top priority .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Tammy recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. Her book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Jonathan recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. His book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
Should Melissa , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Melissa has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Should Leroy , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Leroy has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Can Katherine , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Zachary , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Royal will do nothing to increase the flexibility of the French labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created , while Todd is likely to continue to support Frances lumbering giants , as he as done so frequently in the past. Sound policy aimed at reviving the economy seems beyond the grasp of both candidates .
Royal will do nothing to increase the flexibility of the French labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created , while Pamela is likely to continue to support Frances lumbering giants , as she as done so frequently in the past. Sound policy aimed at reviving the economy seems beyond the grasp of both candidates .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Neil has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Martha has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Diane , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Jorge , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Jennifer had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after she left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
Recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis. Perhaps Pedro had hoped that the consequences of global warming would be felt long after he left office and would be felt more by poor , low - lying , tropical countries like Bangladesh than by a rich country astride the temperate zones .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed lady named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed uncle named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
Pamela yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But she will not achieve it .
Bill yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Rebecca felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Jerome felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Complicating matters further , Jared statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Complicating matters further , Barbara statement that she is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
First , Jeffery may be a vicious dictator , but he is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , he has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but he understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime he is trying to preserve .
First , Barbara may be a vicious dictator , but she is not crazy or suicidal. Thus far , she has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but she understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime she is trying to preserve .
In many countries , Darrell would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Kathleen would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
Phyllis less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Derek less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Nor did Jeff suggest any national - security concern that might justify spying on the EU ( there is none ) . Instead , he sought to dismiss the entire issue by hinting vaguely about intelligence - gathering by some EU member states .
Nor did Elizabeth suggest any national - security concern that might justify spying on the EU ( there is none ) . Instead , she sought to dismiss the entire issue by hinting vaguely about intelligence - gathering by some EU member states .
It is not the critic who counts , Bill said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Bill continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Annie said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Annie continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
When Nathaniel visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Nathaniel administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Deborah visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Deborah administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
As much as Jeff has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Jeff does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices .
As much as Melissa has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Melissa does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Phyllis , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Phyllis was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Raul , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Raul was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Leroy as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Kathleen as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Jessica was effectively anointed her countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Jessica alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Jeff was effectively anointed his countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Jeff alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
Now , it is Deborah who is meddling in American politics , not only by attempting to sway the election , but also by wielding considerable influence over Trump himself. Arguing that her efforts to improve relations with Russia are in Americas national interest , Trump , shortly after the summit , invited Deborah to visit the White House in the near future .
Now , it is Earl who is meddling in American politics , not only by attempting to sway the election , but also by wielding considerable influence over Trump himself. Arguing that his efforts to improve relations with Russia are in Americas national interest , Trump , shortly after the summit , invited Earl to visit the White House in the near future .
In Japan , Jorge is universally regarded to have performed badly in his first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite his distinguished lineage. Now he takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
In Japan , Jessica is universally regarded to have performed badly in her first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite her distinguished lineage. Now she takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
With his careful combination of hard and soft power , Derek created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. He was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Elizabeth created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
Kotsos , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Kotsos understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Kerigan , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Kerigan understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
As a conservative , Erik lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But he is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
As a conservative , Carolyn lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But she is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Kathy 's Texas swagger qualify her to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Hugh 's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
In many countries , Darrell would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. His apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
In many countries , Emily would now be charged with the crime of conflict of interest. Her apparent ethical lapse is magnified by the fact that , at this very moment , Russia is threatening to cut off Ukraines gas supplies if that country does not give in to the pricing demands of Kremlins state - owned gas behemoth , Gazprom .
As a conservative , Carolyn lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But she is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
As a conservative , Jeff lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But he is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
Darrell agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Phyllis agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
When Elizabeth visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Elizabeth administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Jonathan visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Jonathan administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
As a conservative , Reginald lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But he is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
As a conservative , Cynthia lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But she is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
Putins image as a steward of Neil greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and his tried - and - true tactic for renewing his popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Neil makes real changes within Russia , his approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , he will finally leave the presidency when his current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
Putins image as a steward of Barbara greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and her tried - and - true tactic for renewing her popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Barbara makes real changes within Russia , her approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , she will finally leave the presidency when her current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
In addition , how will Erik balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will he manage the growing middle classs expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
In addition , how will Cheryl balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will she manage the growing middle classs expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
Despite Russias weak alliances , Edgar seems undeterred. Beyond his boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , his government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Edgar may well continue on this path , bringing his country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Carolyn seems undeterred. Beyond her boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , her government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Carolyn may well continue on this path , bringing her country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Tsahi was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Christop was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Clearly , Derrick has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Carolyn has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
BRUSSELS Russias seizure of Crimea is the most naked example of peacetime aggression that Europe has witnessed since Nazi Germany invaded the Sudetenland in 1938. It may be fashionable to belittle the lessons of Munich , when Neville Chamberlain and douard Melissa appeased Hitler , deferring to her claims on Czechoslovakia .
BRUSSELS Russias seizure of Crimea is the most naked example of peacetime aggression that Europe has witnessed since Nazi Germany invaded the Sudetenland in 1938. It may be fashionable to belittle the lessons of Munich , when Neville Chamberlain and douard Arnold appeased Hitler , deferring to his claims on Czechoslovakia .
In France , the offense was abolished when Jessica introduced her new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
In France , the offense was abolished when Terrance introduced his new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Erik seems undeterred. Beyond his boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , his government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Erik may well continue on this path , bringing his country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Despite Russias weak alliances , Norma seems undeterred. Beyond her boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , her government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I. If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Norma may well continue on this path , bringing her country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .
Diane has accomplished all of this without diminishing her regimes nuclear capacity , and she appears to have continued ballistic - missile development at 16 hidden sites. Having gone from nuclear - armed pariah to presidential negotiating partner , it is little wonder that Diane would want a second summit to consolidate her newfound international legitimacy and position in the global limelight .
Hugh has accomplished all of this without diminishing his regimes nuclear capacity , and he appears to have continued ballistic - missile development at 16 hidden sites. Having gone from nuclear - armed pariah to presidential negotiating partner , it is little wonder that Hugh would want a second summit to consolidate his newfound international legitimacy and position in the global limelight .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Pedro intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and he therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Carolyn intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
Harry , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Harry understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Emily , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Emily understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Regardless of whether Melissa can deliver on her promises , America will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000. With or without Melissa , the American century will not be repeated .
Regardless of whether Terrance can deliver on his promises , America will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000. With or without Terrance , the American century will not be repeated .
As much as Frederick has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Frederick does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices .
As much as Kathy has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Kathy does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices .
The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakened , seized the opportunity to break free. Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Cynthia to press on with her plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .
The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakened , seized the opportunity to break free. Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Alfred to press on with his plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .
How easily this ideal could be corrupted by distinctly ungentlemanly politics was already clear in 1936 , when Coubertins doddering speech about peace and fair play was played over the loudspeakers of the Olympic Stadium in Berlin , while Julie and her henchmen raised their arms to salute the Nazi flag .
How easily this ideal could be corrupted by distinctly ungentlemanly politics was already clear in 1936 , when Coubertins doddering speech about peace and fair play was played over the loudspeakers of the Olympic Stadium in Berlin , while Bill and his henchmen raised their arms to salute the Nazi flag .
Alas , Margaret is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument. She leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .
Alas , Jeffery is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument. He leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .
What made this highly significant was that Margaret is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Margaret is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Frederick is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Frederick is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Kathy has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Jeff has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
Derrick was someone who was easy to hate across the border. He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Carolyn was someone who was easy to hate across the border. She had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
As much as Lance has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Lance does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices .
As much as Theresa has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Theresa does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices .
But Derek persevered , and he is now a 23-year - old university student. Derek knows that without school , his life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
But Cynthia persevered , and she is now a 23-year - old university student. Cynthia knows that without school , her life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
Earl was someone who was easy to hate across the border. He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Emily was someone who was easy to hate across the border. She had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Zachary seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Cheryl seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
CAMBRIDGE US President Kathy acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Jared acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
But Zachary and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by his longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Norma and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Annie . In 1921 , she wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts her values to whatever the circumstances and people around her seem to demand .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Hugh . In 1921 , he wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .
Nathaniel did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while he was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , he admitted as much in his speech at the launch of his political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Teresa did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Deborah , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that she already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on her side .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Arnold , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that he already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on his side .
If the government falls down on the job , Derek wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Susan wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Kathleen , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that she already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on her side .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Frederick , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that he already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on his side .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Kathleen stood apart for her extraordinary views about presidential power. Kathleen has written that she believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while she is in office .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Jorge stood apart for his extraordinary views about presidential power. Jorge has written that he believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while he is in office .
Harry will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , he would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which he has staked his regimes survival .
Deborah will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked her regimes survival .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Norma has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Earl has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
In his rebuttal to Stiglitz , Edgar comes down in favor of the latter definition. In his words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Jessica comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
As the Soviet Union steadily disintegrated , with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash , Betty gained the leadership of the largest the Russian Federation which placed her in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in Ukraine , the Baltic states , and Georgia .
As the Soviet Union steadily disintegrated , with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash , Pedro gained the leadership of the largest the Russian Federation which placed him in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in Ukraine , the Baltic states , and Georgia .
Clearly , Zachary has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Mildred has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
She has both money the governments budget and the oligarchs fortunes and the coercive power of the state firmly in her hand. She is the arbiter at the top and the trouble - shooter in social conflicts below .
He has both money the governments budget and the oligarchs fortunes and the coercive power of the state firmly in his hand. He is the arbiter at the top and the trouble - shooter in social conflicts below .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Jessica recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on her head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Duane recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient man of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mummy of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
In many ways , Theresa personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
In many ways , Bill personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Betty spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Jonathan spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
And Harry was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Theresa was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
By contrast , in the earlier Iraq war , the first President Bush , after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating Kuwait , did not press ahead to Baghdad to oust Vide and his government , despite the urging of many that he do just that .
By contrast , in the earlier Iraq war , the first President Bush , after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating Kuwait , did not press ahead to Baghdad to oust Kerigan and his government , despite the urging of many that he do just that .
In Japan , Derrick is universally regarded to have performed badly in his first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite his distinguished lineage. Now he takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
In Japan , Cynthia is universally regarded to have performed badly in her first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite her distinguished lineage. Now she takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
As a conservative , Arnold lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But he is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
As a conservative , Norma lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But she is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
The good news for Tammy , however , is that opposition to her efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Tammy is taking the country than they are about her decision to make the issue a top priority .
The good news for Bill , however , is that opposition to his efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Bill is taking the country than they are about his decision to make the issue a top priority .
Annie told the Associated Press that al - Hanashi was a positive person ( and , one can assume , a natural leader ) who would never consider suicide. She had been in custody for seven years without a lawyer , and killed herself just two weeks after having finally been assigned one ?
Alfred told the Associated Press that al - Hanashi was a positive person ( and , one can assume , a natural leader ) who would never consider suicide. He had been in custody for seven years without a lawyer , and killed himself just two weeks after having finally been assigned one ?
Indeed , Kotsos is the only democratically elected , non - autocratic president the country has had since it gained independence from Britain in 1965. His tenure lasted just over three years , until , in 2012 , he was forced at gunpoint to resign .
Indeed , Karstein is the only democratically elected , non - autocratic president the country has had since it gained independence from Britain in 1965. His tenure lasted just over three years , until , in 2012 , he was forced at gunpoint to resign .
Clearly , Melissa has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Darrell has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Chinas Foreign Ministry spokesperson , Hong Lei , stated that Japans new approach was out of step with the trend of the times featuring peace , development , and cooperation. His counterpart at South Koreas foreign ministry commented that his country would never tolerate Japans exercise of the right to collective self - defense on the Korean peninsula without the [ Republic of Koreas ] request or consent .
Chinas Foreign Ministry spokesperson , Hong Lei , stated that Japans new approach was out of step with the trend of the times featuring peace , development , and cooperation. Her counterpart at South Koreas foreign ministry commented that her country would never tolerate Japans exercise of the right to collective self - defense on the Korean peninsula without the [ Republic of Koreas ] request or consent .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Cheryl has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Jorge has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
Even if Hugh could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how he chose to finance it. His was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
Even if Annie could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how she chose to finance it. Her was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Jessica recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on her head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Lance recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Cynthia , her strength of character and the support of her wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Earl , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Receiving from the Kremlin virtual carte blanche to do what he wants in Chechnya , Kadyrov made genuine efforts to transform himself into a popular leader. It is clear that he has not brought down the unemployment rate and has no intention of ending corruption .
Receiving from the Kremlin virtual carte blanche to do what she wants in Chechnya , Kadyrov made genuine efforts to transform herself into a popular leader. It is clear that she has not brought down the unemployment rate and has no intention of ending corruption .
Susan , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Jeff , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Then , as Congress prepared to leave for the August recess , it was learned that Mueller who had hired highly regarded prosecutors specializing in international financial transactions , despite Pedro warnings not to investigate his finances had impaneled a grand jury in Washington. The noose tightens .
Then , as Congress prepared to leave for the August recess , it was learned that Mueller who had hired highly regarded prosecutors specializing in international financial transactions , despite Susan warnings not to investigate her finances had impaneled a grand jury in Washington. The noose tightens .
As the warm welcome given to Erik on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Barbara on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
Now , she has cleared her ninth - grade examinations and is in the tenth grade. A second shift gave her and can give millions more young people like her a second chance .
Now , he has cleared his ninth - grade examinations and is in the tenth grade. A second shift gave him and can give millions more young people like him a second chance .
The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakened , seized the opportunity to break free. Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Harry to press on with his plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .
The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakened , seized the opportunity to break free. Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Dorothy to press on with her plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .
Jeff agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Phyllis agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Marcus has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Martha has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Jeff related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Dorothy related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Jeff declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Barbara declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
NEW YORK When Pamela takes office in January , she will be greeted by many difficult challenges , beginning with the acute economic crisis. But she will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
NEW YORK When Derek takes office in January , he will be greeted by many difficult challenges , beginning with the acute economic crisis. But he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
The very people who stood for hours in the cold to glimpse Marilyn aboard the royal ship were revolting against her a decade later. The people may be silent for a time , as they devastatingly were at the end of another Pushkin masterpiece , the tragic play Boris Godunov , when a false new czar ascended to the throne .
The very people who stood for hours in the cold to glimpse Zachary aboard the royal ship were revolting against him a decade later. The people may be silent for a time , as they devastatingly were at the end of another Pushkin masterpiece , the tragic play Boris Godunov , when a false new czar ascended to the throne .
Having campaigned on a promise to restore and improve the French peoples purchasing power , Jennifer came to power , in May 2007 , just a few weeks before the sub - prime mortgage crisis erupted , and a few months before commodity prices exploded. She then assumed the European Union presidency just days after the resounding Irish No to the Lisbon Treaty reduced her role to an exercise in damage control at best .
Having campaigned on a promise to restore and improve the French peoples purchasing power , Earl came to power , in May 2007 , just a few weeks before the sub - prime mortgage crisis erupted , and a few months before commodity prices exploded. He then assumed the European Union presidency just days after the resounding Irish No to the Lisbon Treaty reduced his role to an exercise in damage control at best .
Like Marcus before him , Marcus believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
Like Cynthia before her , Cynthia believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Elizabeth has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting her power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Leroy has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
With the countrys major and indispensable ally , the United States , Nathaniel sought the closest possible relationship from the start of his tenure. After Schmidts government fell in 1982 over massive popular opposition to the stationing of US medium - range nuclear missiles , Nathaniel stood firm , recognizing that bowing to public pressure and reneging on Germanys commitment would be a blow both to the respect and trust of the US and his credibility in Moscow .
With the countrys major and indispensable ally , the United States , Barbara sought the closest possible relationship from the start of her tenure. After Schmidts government fell in 1982 over massive popular opposition to the stationing of US medium - range nuclear missiles , Barbara stood firm , recognizing that bowing to public pressure and reneging on Germanys commitment would be a blow both to the respect and trust of the US and her credibility in Moscow .
In 2015 , Leroy came under fire for forming a committee to carry out forward planning for the possibility of Brexit. And in early July , he was called to testify before the House of Commons Treasury Committee , accused of leaning toward Remain in the run - up to the referendum , simply because he presented a bleak ( and accurate ) assessment of the economic consequences of a Leave victory .
In 2015 , Martha came under fire for forming a committee to carry out forward planning for the possibility of Brexit. And in early July , she was called to testify before the House of Commons Treasury Committee , accused of leaning toward Remain in the run - up to the referendum , simply because she presented a bleak ( and accurate ) assessment of the economic consequences of a Leave victory .
Following the discussion , Norma exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , she warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
Following the discussion , Derrick exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , he warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
All in all , Duane served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
All in all , Rebecca served the United States and the world well through her stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what she did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
Jerome , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Tammy , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Elizabeth , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that she already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on her side .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Leroy , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that he already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on his side .
Margaret was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Edgar was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
World famous but controversial , Diane is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But she s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
World famous but controversial , Derek is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But he s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
Bill began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
Barbara began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
But Raul actively benefits from the presence of ISIS in Syria ; it reinforces precisely the counterterrorist narrative that he has promoted since the first peaceful protests against his government began in March 2011. And Syrians across the country will fight ISIS just as fiercely with or without Assads air force .
But Diane actively benefits from the presence of ISIS in Syria ; it reinforces precisely the counterterrorist narrative that she has promoted since the first peaceful protests against her government began in March 2011. And Syrians across the country will fight ISIS just as fiercely with or without Assads air force .
In short , as Darrell departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Katherine departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
When Frederick visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Frederick administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Deborah visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Deborah administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
Moreover , Reginald views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in his confirmation hearings he expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , he was slippery in his responses , and there is credible evidence that he lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
Moreover , Kathleen views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in her confirmation hearings she expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , she was slippery in her responses , and there is credible evidence that she lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
What made this case special was that Arnold is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Marilyn is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances. She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
If the government falls down on the job , Kathleen wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Arnold wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandmother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient son of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Clearly , Kathleen has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Zachary has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
In the 1980s , Alfred warned that Soviet oil resources were exhausted. Of course , due to the Western engineering and management that became available after Alfred launched his perestroika reforms , the country was soon producing more oil than ever indeed , more than was ever believed possible and oil men like Mikhail Khodorkovsky arose out of the blue .
In the 1980s , Melissa warned that Soviet oil resources were exhausted. Of course , due to the Western engineering and management that became available after Melissa launched her perestroika reforms , the country was soon producing more oil than ever indeed , more than was ever believed possible and oil men like Mikhail Khodorkovsky arose out of the blue .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed uncle named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed sister named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Hugh will still sort things out. If he succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Norma will still sort things out. If she succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
As usual , Julie own words about her day of personal liberation show how well she understood this : As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did nt leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I d still be in prison .
As usual , Leroy own words about his day of personal liberation show how well he understood this : As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did nt leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I d still be in prison .
By defending the coca leaf , consumed for centuries in the Andean world and the raw material for cocaine , Duane was able to link his opposition to Americas anti - drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor. Thus , Moraless leadership brought together three strongly symbolic dimensions : nationalist sentiment , concern for the poor , and emerging ethnic pride among Bolivias native peoples .
By defending the coca leaf , consumed for centuries in the Andean world and the raw material for cocaine , Cheryl was able to link her opposition to Americas anti - drug policy with the defense of native cultural tradition and the economic rights of the poor. Thus , Moraless leadership brought together three strongly symbolic dimensions : nationalist sentiment , concern for the poor , and emerging ethnic pride among Bolivias native peoples .
Clearly , Julie has a real base of support. But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
Clearly , Terrance has a real base of support. But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .
At one point her face suddenly darkened as if overtaken by an unexplained anxiety. In her expression which could change in a moment from joy , gaiety , and mischievous intelligence to the infinite sadness of one who will never recover from having seen the worst that humans can do the sadness clearly seemed to have won .
At one point his face suddenly darkened as if overtaken by an unexplained anxiety. In his expression which could change in a moment from joy , gaiety , and mischievous intelligence to the infinite sadness of one who will never recover from having seen the worst that humans can do the sadness clearly seemed to have won .
The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC. But , in a clear sign of his current weakness , Eldridge was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by making a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year .
The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC. But , in a clear sign of his current weakness , Airiz was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by making a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Edgar is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Pamela is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
In the heat of the referendum campaign , Erik , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong. His targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .
In the heat of the referendum campaign , Pamela , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong. Her targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Jeff . He was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Authoritarian , crude , and somewhat megalomaniacal ( almost as though he were a king himself ) , Thaksin was a Thai version of Jessica . She was removed from office in 2006 , following a bloodless military coup that was supported by the Bangkok middle class , whose members took to the streets in yellow T - shirts ( the color of the Thai monarchy ) .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Harry has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Phyllis has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Norma , missing the point of her critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Edgar , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Sometimes leaders think that vision can solve most of their problems , but the wrong vision or an overly ambitious vision can do damage. Jorge was faulted ( and faulted himself ) for not having what he called the vision thing .
Sometimes leaders think that vision can solve most of their problems , but the wrong vision or an overly ambitious vision can do damage. Emily was faulted ( and faulted herself ) for not having what she called the vision thing .
Deborah likes to tell the story of Nathan Meyer Rothschild , the richest man in the world in the first half of the nineteenth century , dead in her fifties of an infected abscess. If you gave her the choice of the life she led as the finance - prince of Europe or a life today low - down in the income distribution but with thirty extra years to see her great - grandchildren , which would she choose ?
Nathaniel likes to tell the story of Nathan Meyer Rothschild , the richest man in the world in the first half of the nineteenth century , dead in his fifties of an infected abscess. If you gave him the choice of the life he led as the finance - prince of Europe or a life today low - down in the income distribution but with thirty extra years to see his great - grandchildren , which would he choose ?
Margaret , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Margaret understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Duane , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Duane understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakened , seized the opportunity to break free. Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Jared to press on with his plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .
The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakened , seized the opportunity to break free. Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Phyllis to press on with her plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .
Does he respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Arnold ?
Does she respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Barbara ?
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Harry and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Teresa and her Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
But Pedro persevered , and he is now a 23-year - old university student. Pedro knows that without school , his life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
But Katherine persevered , and she is now a 23-year - old university student. Katherine knows that without school , her life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence. And the evidence of Phyllis and her co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .
We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence. And the evidence of Terrance and his co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .
In fact , the Alfred administration which loathes the involvement of bureaucrats , who are professionals , in managing public affairs delayed notifying neighboring countries when it was forced to order the release of water containing low concentrations of radioactive material. For Alfred , the real priority was his governments effort to maintain its grip on power , not reassuring Japans neighbors of the actions it was taking to contain a potential threat to their citizens .
In fact , the Cheryl administration which loathes the involvement of bureaucrats , who are professionals , in managing public affairs delayed notifying neighboring countries when it was forced to order the release of water containing low concentrations of radioactive material. For Cheryl , the real priority was her governments effort to maintain its grip on power , not reassuring Japans neighbors of the actions it was taking to contain a potential threat to their citizens .
Duane declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Melissa declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
As a conservative , Reginald lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But he is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
As a conservative , Mildred lays the blame for economic weakness on the size of the state and a high degree of market regulation , though some Nordic countries with large government spending and strong financial and environmental regulations are in better shape than the UK , which has had less of both. But she is right that a debate on economic performance is needed , and that it will be crucial to reform Europe in a way that maximizes its prospects in global competition .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Theresa presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served her well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat her . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Terrance presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served his well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat his . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Melissa , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of her blunt comments on touchy topics .
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Raul , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of his blunt comments on touchy topics .
Phyllis gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , she is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Darrell gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Given that Terrance ruled Libya for more than four decades , his is a legacy that can not simply be ignored. That means not only recognizing the vital link between his policies and todays problems , but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface his memory .
Given that Margaret ruled Libya for more than four decades , her is a legacy that can not simply be ignored. That means not only recognizing the vital link between her policies and todays problems , but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface her memory .
The late Yegor Gaidar , Russias first pro - reform prime minister , warned the government about the consequences of inflated oil prices , repeatedly arguing that excessive spending growth would undermine the political will for retrenchment when it became necessary. Leroy died last year , his unheeded warnings having come true , proving once again that no man is ever a successful prophet in his own country .
The late Yegor Gaidar , Russias first pro - reform prime minister , warned the government about the consequences of inflated oil prices , repeatedly arguing that excessive spending growth would undermine the political will for retrenchment when it became necessary. Dorothy died last year , her unheeded warnings having come true , proving once again that no man is ever a successful prophet in her own country .
In the heat of the referendum campaign , Annie , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong. Her targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .
In the heat of the referendum campaign , Nathaniel , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong. His targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .
In consenting to become prime minister , Earl is well aware of what to expect. After all , he served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
In consenting to become prime minister , Carolyn is well aware of what to expect. After all , she served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Deborah after lauding her for her leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over her orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Terrance after lauding him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
With so many officials and private businessmen eager to curry favor with his father , Derek had no difficulty cashing in. His business activities include brokering sales of oil - field equipment to Iraq ( causing huge losses for Chinese state - owned oil companies ) ; construction of hydroelectric power stations in Sichuan ( where his father was the provincial party boss from 1997 to 2002 ) ; providing information technology for 8,000 state - owned gas stations ; and investments in real estate , oil exploration , and toll roads .
With so many officials and private businessmen eager to curry favor with his father , Phyllis had no difficulty cashing in. Her business activities include brokering sales of oil - field equipment to Iraq ( causing huge losses for Chinese state - owned oil companies ) ; construction of hydroelectric power stations in Sichuan ( where her father was the provincial party boss from 1997 to 2002 ) ; providing information technology for 8,000 state - owned gas stations ; and investments in real estate , oil exploration , and toll roads .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Marcus is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Melissa is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
When Deborah visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Deborah administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Alfred visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Alfred administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
For starters , like Lance , Trump did not win the popular vote , but may nonetheless assume that he has a mandate for sweeping change. And the direction of that change may produce results that not even his supporters like .
For starters , like Cheryl , Trump did not win the popular vote , but may nonetheless assume that she has a mandate for sweeping change. And the direction of that change may produce results that not even her supporters like .
But Elizabeth was the messenger , not the message. The era of Israeli pragmatism that she opened will not end with her departure .
But Zachary was the messenger , not the message. The era of Israeli pragmatism that he opened will not end with his departure .
In fact , the sick woman undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick daddy undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Tsahi dictatorship : his docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Kotsos dictatorship : his docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
Now , Reginald is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Reginald is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Betty is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Betty is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another daughter , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another brother , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
Even if Katherine does run again the more likely outcome , given her penchant for total control she will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views her as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Even if Zachary does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Even if Teresa had died in office at a ripe old age , her excesses would eventually have been exposed , and would have tarnished whatever positive reputation she might have achieved. Did she not care about her legacy ?
Even if Hugh had died in office at a ripe old age , his excesses would eventually have been exposed , and would have tarnished whatever positive reputation he might have achieved. Did he not care about his legacy ?
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Leroy relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Norma relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
Although Susan brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , her modern real successors smothered her insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Susan , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Although Jonathan brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Jonathan , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Royal will do nothing to increase the flexibility of the French labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created , while Neil is likely to continue to support Frances lumbering giants , as he as done so frequently in the past. Sound policy aimed at reviving the economy seems beyond the grasp of both candidates .
Royal will do nothing to increase the flexibility of the French labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created , while Teresa is likely to continue to support Frances lumbering giants , as she as done so frequently in the past. Sound policy aimed at reviving the economy seems beyond the grasp of both candidates .
BRUSSELS Russias seizure of Crimea is the most naked example of peacetime aggression that Europe has witnessed since Nazi Germany invaded the Sudetenland in 1938. It may be fashionable to belittle the lessons of Munich , when Neville Chamberlain and douard Carolyn appeased Hitler , deferring to her claims on Czechoslovakia .
BRUSSELS Russias seizure of Crimea is the most naked example of peacetime aggression that Europe has witnessed since Nazi Germany invaded the Sudetenland in 1938. It may be fashionable to belittle the lessons of Munich , when Neville Chamberlain and douard Jerome appeased Hitler , deferring to his claims on Czechoslovakia .
In his rebuttal to Stiglitz , Reginald comes down in favor of the latter definition. In his words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Elizabeth comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
And Julie was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Jorge was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
Dorothy was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Jeff was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
The question is not one of popularity alone after all , Jennifer was popular in her day , and Shakespeares plays attracted the poor as well as the rich but of mass cultures refusal to challenge and provoke. The result of the failure is a generalized indifference and passivity in audiences .
The question is not one of popularity alone after all , Erik was popular in his day , and Shakespeares plays attracted the poor as well as the rich but of mass cultures refusal to challenge and provoke. The result of the failure is a generalized indifference and passivity in audiences .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Deborah has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Reginald has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
And Phyllis was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Earl was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Harry has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Kathleen has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
If the government falls down on the job , Marcus wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Marilyn wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
CAMBRIDGE US President Todd acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Norma acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
But Pedro persevered , and he is now a 23-year - old university student. Pedro knows that without school , his life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
But Cheryl persevered , and she is now a 23-year - old university student. Cheryl knows that without school , her life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
Erik has an unshakable faith that climate change is the biggest challenge facing the world. To be fair , he deserves some form of recognition for his resolute passion .
Jennifer has an unshakable faith that climate change is the biggest challenge facing the world. To be fair , she deserves some form of recognition for her resolute passion .
Emily began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
Hugh began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
The Bush name is no longer magic , and Albercik had been out of politics for eight years when he entered the race. Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .
The Bush name is no longer magic , and Budivid had been out of politics for eight years when he entered the race. Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .
Jennifer agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Raul agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
But Melissa and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Alfred and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by his longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
Moreover , Jeff views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in his confirmation hearings he expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , he was slippery in his responses , and there is credible evidence that he lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
Moreover , Betty views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in her confirmation hearings she expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , she was slippery in her responses , and there is credible evidence that she lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Rebecca , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system. Within months of the wars end , indeed , Rebecca initiated the reforms that have since transformed her country .
The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Frederick , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system. Within months of the wars end , indeed , Frederick initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .
In his 2004 book The Trouble with Physics : The Rise of String Theory , The Fall of a Science , and What Comes Next , Tammy reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories ( notably string theory ) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation. Similarly , in her 2007 book Not Even Wrong : The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law , Peter Woit accused physicists of much the same sin as mathematical economists are said to commit .
In his 2004 book The Trouble with Physics : The Rise of String Theory , The Fall of a Science , and What Comes Next , Zachary reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories ( notably string theory ) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation. Similarly , in his 2007 book Not Even Wrong : The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law , Peter Woit accused physicists of much the same sin as mathematical economists are said to commit .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Derrick said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Jessica said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Perhaps when Cynthia becomes the UKs next prime minister , she will be able to convince the G7 group of rich countries to lead the charge for change. As head of the Funds ministerial oversight committee , Cynthia understands the issues as well as anyone .
Perhaps when Derrick becomes the UKs next prime minister , he will be able to convince the G7 group of rich countries to lead the charge for change. As head of the Funds ministerial oversight committee , Derrick understands the issues as well as anyone .
And I believe that not a day passed in Wiesels long life as a celebrated intellectual , honored by great universities and consulted by presidents , without spending at least an hour before a page of the Talmud or the Raul knowing that initially he would understand nothing of what he read , but that this was the price of the only true celebration .
And I believe that not a day passed in Wiesels long life as a celebrated intellectual , honored by great universities and consulted by presidents , without spending at least an hour before a page of the Talmud or the Jennifer knowing that initially she would understand nothing of what she read , but that this was the price of the only true celebration .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Kerigan recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Budivid recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
Can Melissa , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Earl , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Duane was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Teresa was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
Todd remarks , and his subsequent announcement of plans to implement his vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could he profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as he stuffed his governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
Cynthia remarks , and her subsequent announcement of plans to implement her vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could she profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as she stuffed her governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
It is true that Frederick is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But his views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
It is true that Cheryl is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
This is not his area of specialization. Arnold works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with his long - time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .
This is not his area of specialization. Julie works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with her long - time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .
Or was Pamela simply using the US Congress as a venue for her own campaign to keep her job ? Did she wish to impress voters back home with a starring role on a world stage ?
Or was Hugh simply using the US Congress as a venue for his own campaign to keep his job ? Did he wish to impress voters back home with a starring role on a world stage ?
Does any of this matter to Kathleen ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Derek ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
Since he is an agnostic , his gift is not motivated by any belief that it will benefit him in an afterlife. What , then , does Buffetts life tell us about the nature of happiness ?
Since she is an agnostic , her gift is not motivated by any belief that it will benefit her in an afterlife. What , then , does Buffetts life tell us about the nature of happiness ?
It would not have been easy for Susan to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Nathaniel to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
When Carolyn was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by her former pastor , she did not simply distance herself from the problem , but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black Americans .
When Pedro was faced with a campaign crisis over incendiary racial remarks by his former pastor , he did not simply distance himself from the problem , but made use of the episode to deliver a speech that served to broaden the understanding and identities of both white and black Americans .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Katherine was relaying her message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Jeff was relaying his message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
Emily invariably blamed the KMT for blocking sensible economic plans , but even some of her moneyed supporters knew better. When it was finally proved that power had turned Emily into a common criminal , the KMT was voted back into power .
Zachary invariably blamed the KMT for blocking sensible economic plans , but even some of his moneyed supporters knew better. When it was finally proved that power had turned Zachary into a common criminal , the KMT was voted back into power .
In other words , while Trumps princely court poses a problem for America , as a metaphor , it could also provide a solution , by stoking Americans natural suspicion of monarchy. Rather than describing Trump as the next Susan , we should view her as an ersatz Bourbon , presiding over Mar - a - Lago as her exemplars presided over that much - hated French court .
In other words , while Trumps princely court poses a problem for America , as a metaphor , it could also provide a solution , by stoking Americans natural suspicion of monarchy. Rather than describing Trump as the next Zachary , we should view him as an ersatz Bourbon , presiding over Mar - a - Lago as his exemplars presided over that much - hated French court .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Marilyn intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Derek intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and he therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
Given this looming negotiation between old and new and between rich and poor and because Norma has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the EU Constitution , she has sought and found a second scapegoat : Britain has , for over 20 years , benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the EU budget .
Given this looming negotiation between old and new and between rich and poor and because Leroy has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the EU Constitution , he has sought and found a second scapegoat : Britain has , for over 20 years , benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the EU budget .
Theresa is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using her adventurism abroad to shore up her political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Erik is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using his adventurism abroad to shore up his political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
One thing is certain : Pamela did not stop with Georgia , and she will not stop with Crimea. Unless the limits to her ambitions are set now , the scariest historical analogies will become the most accurate .
One thing is certain : Jerome did not stop with Georgia , and he will not stop with Crimea. Unless the limits to his ambitions are set now , the scariest historical analogies will become the most accurate .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Theresa was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Jeffery was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
When Dorothy visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Dorothy administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Jonathan visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Jonathan administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Pedro , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Pedro was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Theresa , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Theresa was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
Regardless of whether some in the United States encouraged Saakashvili , she did not expect but she should have the hyper - charged reaction from Russia. For it is clearer than ever that Norma is still in charge .
Regardless of whether some in the United States encouraged Saakashvili , he did not expect but he should have the hyper - charged reaction from Russia. For it is clearer than ever that Pedro is still in charge .
Despite her numerous achievements as president , Annie is trumpeting her nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about her island visit .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Hugh is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakened , seized the opportunity to break free. Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Cynthia to press on with her plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .
The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakened , seized the opportunity to break free. Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Lance to press on with his plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Margaret has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting her power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Darrell has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
But Martha is responsible for her administrations apparent indifference to the fate of the American - built order that has governed world affairs since the end of World War II. Unless she toughens her policies , the rules and norms that have guaranteed peace for so many for so long could lose their force .
But Nathaniel is responsible for his administrations apparent indifference to the fate of the American - built order that has governed world affairs since the end of World War II. Unless he toughens his policies , the rules and norms that have guaranteed peace for so many for so long could lose their force .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Jeffery out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of his Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Elizabeth out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of her Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Nathaniel relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Kathleen relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Kathy comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In his rebuttal to Stiglitz , Erik comes down in favor of the latter definition. In his words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Jonathan has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Cheryl has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Jessica , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Jessica was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Hugh , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Hugh was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
Hugh gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Jennifer gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , she is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Neil is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Despite her numerous achievements as president , Margaret is trumpeting her nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about her island visit .
Of course , Frederick could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Deborah could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
All of which brings us back to Neil . He chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Susan . She chose the people .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Martha as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Duane as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a gentleman was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a aunt was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
But the belief that financial liberalization will provide an easy route to a balanced and stable economy is a delusion , as Japans experience in the 1980s illustrates. As Edgar argues persuasively in his book How Asia Works , neither Japan nor South Korea based its successful economic development on free markets in credit supply ; instead , they relied on the deliberate direction of credit toward industrial development rather than real estate or consumption .
But the belief that financial liberalization will provide an easy route to a balanced and stable economy is a delusion , as Japans experience in the 1980s illustrates. As Pamela argues persuasively in her book How Asia Works , neither Japan nor South Korea based its successful economic development on free markets in credit supply ; instead , they relied on the deliberate direction of credit toward industrial development rather than real estate or consumption .
During a long subsequent career , involving work with UCLAs Shlomo Benartzi and others , Betty has proposed mechanisms that will , as she and Harvard Law Schools Cass Sunstein put it in their book Nudge , change the choice architecture of these decisions. The same people , with the same self - control problems , could be enabled to make better decisions .
During a long subsequent career , involving work with UCLAs Shlomo Benartzi and others , Marcus has proposed mechanisms that will , as he and Harvard Law Schools Cass Sunstein put it in their book Nudge , change the choice architecture of these decisions. The same people , with the same self - control problems , could be enabled to make better decisions .
NEW YORK Now that Theresa has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether she will govern in accordance with her campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .
NEW YORK Now that Erik has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether he will govern in accordance with his campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .
Now that Jonathan appears to have a brief respite from his domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for him to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
Now that Cheryl appears to have a brief respite from her domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for her to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Pars wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Odisseu wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
Julie , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than her share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : she left the country and the world considerably better off than she found them .
Bill , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than his share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : he left the country and the world considerably better off than he found them .
Leroy did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while he was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , he admitted as much in his speech at the launch of his political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Kathleen did not uphold the Gladstonian tradition while she was in office for almost nine years , from October 1999 to August 2008. Indeed , she admitted as much in her speech at the launch of her political party , the All Pakistan Muslim League , from a safe distance of thousands of miles from an increasingly turbulent Pakistan .
Emily ran as a reformist who said she would strive for greater freedom of the press , more rights for women , and fewer restrictions on the private lives of Iranians. She also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the United States .
Jerome ran as a reformist who said he would strive for greater freedom of the press , more rights for women , and fewer restrictions on the private lives of Iranians. He also hinted at more flexibility in negotiations with the United States .
In short , as Teresa departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Jonathan departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
Jorge began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .
Betty began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo. The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Odisseu took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Odisseu called in his 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Verners took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Verners called in his 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence. And the evidence of Leroy and his co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .
We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence. And the evidence of Annie and her co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .
Kathleen seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Jeffery seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
CAMBRIDGE US President Annie acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Duane acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
The apex of Powells influence was bracketed by the Rivers of Blood , which made her a national figure , and her defection from the Tories. Quitting the party left her a political outcast .
The apex of Powells influence was bracketed by the Rivers of Blood , which made him a national figure , and his defection from the Tories. Quitting the party left him a political outcast .
In France , the offense was abolished when Hugh introduced his new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
In France , the offense was abolished when Julie introduced her new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
Obamas impressive signals since taking office telephoning Arab leaders before European allies , appointing special envoy George Mitchell and speaking on Jeff for his first interview reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past .
Obamas impressive signals since taking office telephoning Arab leaders before European allies , appointing special envoy George Mitchell and speaking on Marilyn for her first interview reflect a different approach from the staid and unimaginative past .
Of course , Bill could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Phyllis could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
While Mildred has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , she has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of her political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Mildred , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
While Nathaniel has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of his political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Nathaniel , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
In other words , while Trumps princely court poses a problem for America , as a metaphor , it could also provide a solution , by stoking Americans natural suspicion of monarchy. Rather than describing Trump as the next Diane , we should view her as an ersatz Bourbon , presiding over Mar - a - Lago as her exemplars presided over that much - hated French court .
In other words , while Trumps princely court poses a problem for America , as a metaphor , it could also provide a solution , by stoking Americans natural suspicion of monarchy. Rather than describing Trump as the next Zachary , we should view him as an ersatz Bourbon , presiding over Mar - a - Lago as his exemplars presided over that much - hated French court .
Julie , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than her share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : she left the country and the world considerably better off than she found them .
Erik , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than his share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : he left the country and the world considerably better off than he found them .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a son was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a aunt was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
In his 2004 book The Trouble with Physics : The Rise of String Theory , The Fall of a Science , and What Comes Next , Jeff reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories ( notably string theory ) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation. Similarly , in his 2007 book Not Even Wrong : The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law , Peter Woit accused physicists of much the same sin as mathematical economists are said to commit .
In his 2004 book The Trouble with Physics : The Rise of String Theory , The Fall of a Science , and What Comes Next , Tammy reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories ( notably string theory ) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation. Similarly , in her 2007 book Not Even Wrong : The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law , Peter Woit accused physicists of much the same sin as mathematical economists are said to commit .
His deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions. And the Republican tax - reform plan that he has endorsed would overwhelmingly favor multinational corporations and the top 1 % of households , many of which stand to benefit especially from the repeal of the estate tax .
Her deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions. And the Republican tax - reform plan that she has endorsed would overwhelmingly favor multinational corporations and the top 1 % of households , many of which stand to benefit especially from the repeal of the estate tax .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Pedro , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Barbara , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
Diane is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using her adventurism abroad to shore up her political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Terrance is no doubt acting in Ukraine with domestic politics very much in mind , using his adventurism abroad to shore up his political base at home. The Russian economy is flagging , and the population is weary of repression , not to mention Russias pervasive corruption .
Emily likes to tell the story of Nathan Meyer Rothschild , the richest man in the world in the first half of the nineteenth century , dead in her fifties of an infected abscess. If you gave her the choice of the life she led as the finance - prince of Europe or a life today low - down in the income distribution but with thirty extra years to see her great - grandchildren , which would she choose ?
Derrick likes to tell the story of Nathan Meyer Rothschild , the richest man in the world in the first half of the nineteenth century , dead in his fifties of an infected abscess. If you gave him the choice of the life he led as the finance - prince of Europe or a life today low - down in the income distribution but with thirty extra years to see his great - grandchildren , which would he choose ?
It is true that Erik is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But his views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
It is true that Cheryl is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But her views and actions are shaped by the society in which she lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
Although Zachary brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Zachary , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Although Theresa brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , her modern real successors smothered her insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Theresa , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
This image would soon be battered badly by the murders of Kotsos , his brother Bobby , and Martin Luther King , Jr. , and by the war in Vietnam that Kotsos had initiated. If Kotsos had completed his presidency , his legacy almost certainly would not have lived up to the expectations that he inspired .
This image would soon be battered badly by the murders of Oliviu , his brother Bobby , and Martin Luther King , Jr. , and by the war in Vietnam that Oliviu had initiated. If Oliviu had completed his presidency , his legacy almost certainly would not have lived up to the expectations that he inspired .
In his rebuttal to Stiglitz , Edgar comes down in favor of the latter definition. In his words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Jennifer comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
The Bush name is no longer magic , and Raul had been out of politics for eight years when he entered the race. Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .
The Bush name is no longer magic , and Norma had been out of politics for eight years when she entered the race. Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Hugh and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Jessica and her Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
Julie had been asked how she would respond to anyone in the UK who felt demoralized by the fact that Britain is one of only a few countries that meet the United Nations - mandated commitment to spend 0.7 % of its gross national income on development aid. But highlighting the impact of British ODA was just part of the answer ;
Marcus had been asked how he would respond to anyone in the UK who felt demoralized by the fact that Britain is one of only a few countries that meet the United Nations - mandated commitment to spend 0.7 % of its gross national income on development aid. But highlighting the impact of British ODA was just part of the answer ;
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Jeffery 's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Carolyn 's Texas swagger qualify her to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
It is not the critic who counts , Frederick said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Frederick continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Annie said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Annie continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Arnold has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Cheryl has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Bill was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Bill told his closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Dorothy was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Dorothy told her closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Edgar in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Edgar is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Melissa in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Melissa is taking a high but legitimate risk that she can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Now that Tammy appears to have a brief respite from her domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for her to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
Now that Reginald appears to have a brief respite from his domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for him to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them. Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?
What made this highly significant was that Kathy is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Kathy is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Jonathan is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Jonathan is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
But , in a sense , Mildred irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Jerome irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Leroy as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Margaret as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In his 2004 book The Trouble with Physics : The Rise of String Theory , The Fall of a Science , and What Comes Next , Julie reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories ( notably string theory ) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation. Similarly , in her 2007 book Not Even Wrong : The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law , Peter Woit accused physicists of much the same sin as mathematical economists are said to commit .
In his 2004 book The Trouble with Physics : The Rise of String Theory , The Fall of a Science , and What Comes Next , Jared reproached the physics profession for being seduced by beautiful and elegant theories ( notably string theory ) rather than those that can be tested by experimentation. Similarly , in his 2007 book Not Even Wrong : The Failure of String Theory and the Search for Unity in Physical Law , Peter Woit accused physicists of much the same sin as mathematical economists are said to commit .
Yet Marcus was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Julie was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
It would not have been easy for Derek to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Elizabeth to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
Of course , Edgar could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Elizabeth could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Does any of this matter to Tammy ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Reginald ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
Jennifer conducts herself in a business - like manner , and she strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this she also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Lance conducts himself in a business - like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Yet Teresa was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Jeffery was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Jeff has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Betty has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever she has deemed it necessary to preserve her and her partys position .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Elizabeth and her ministers because she had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official. This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Elizabeth administration as well as the ruling LDP .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Jeff and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official. This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Jeff administration as well as the ruling LDP .
Kathleen , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Terrance , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
All of which brings us back to Diane . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Frederick . He chose the people .
But Bill is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . He is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
But Deborah is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . She is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
Indeed , she did , after all , announce last year that contrary to her Likud Partys previous position , she was now willing to accept a two - state solution a position that is still anathema to many Likud members , as well to at least three of the smaller parties in her government coalition. Now that the talks are to begin , will they achieve anything substantial , or will the summit in Washington merely be another photo opportunity , like President George W. Bushs Annapolis summit in 2007 ?
Indeed , he did , after all , announce last year that contrary to his Likud Partys previous position , he was now willing to accept a two - state solution a position that is still anathema to many Likud members , as well to at least three of the smaller parties in his government coalition. Now that the talks are to begin , will they achieve anything substantial , or will the summit in Washington merely be another photo opportunity , like President George W. Bushs Annapolis summit in 2007 ?
Likewise , Abulhassan Banisadr , the Islamic Republics first president , fell out with Phyllis over the division of authority. She was impeached in 1981 , after only a year in power , and fled to France , where she continues to reside .
Likewise , Abulhassan Banisadr , the Islamic Republics first president , fell out with Bill over the division of authority. He was impeached in 1981 , after only a year in power , and fled to France , where he continues to reside .
Yet Marcus was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Deborah was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Harry are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975. It is not surprising that Harry proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for his family .
For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Dorothy are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975. It is not surprising that Dorothy proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for her family .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Alfred , consider the various titles that he currently holds. Alfred is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Martha , consider the various titles that she currently holds. Martha is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
I do not think , therefore , that Cheryl will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of her first year in office , though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Cheryl was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
I do not think , therefore , that Edgar will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Edgar was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
Of course , Jared could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Barbara could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Marilyn began. And Marilyn should understand that her legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Hugh began. And Hugh should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence. And the evidence of Lance and his co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .
We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence. And the evidence of Rebecca and her co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .
Initially , Jonathan seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Carolyn seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
The Bush name is no longer magic , and Reginald had been out of politics for eight years when he entered the race. Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .
The Bush name is no longer magic , and Jennifer had been out of politics for eight years when she entered the race. Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .
I raise all of this because Matevz took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Matevz , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
I raise all of this because Waabberi took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Waabberi , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Theresa comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In his rebuttal to Stiglitz , Erik comes down in favor of the latter definition. In his words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Earl called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As he put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
The British - built Rangoon was , of course , the Victorian colonizers response to what Barbara called the unsubstantial glories of Mandalay. As she put it , These massive columns now rise with shabby dignity from the tangle of scavenging dogs and sprawling , ragged bodies at their base .
And Emily was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Arnold was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
She is renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement , and she may try to renegotiate other free - trade agreements , such as the bilateral deal with South Korea. And she could still start a trade war with China by introducing tariffs on steel and other products especially now that China has been uncooperative in responding to North Koreas escalating nuclear threat .
He is renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement , and he may try to renegotiate other free - trade agreements , such as the bilateral deal with South Korea. And he could still start a trade war with China by introducing tariffs on steel and other products especially now that China has been uncooperative in responding to North Koreas escalating nuclear threat .
But Mildred is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . She is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
But Frederick is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . He is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
Emily remarks , and her subsequent announcement of plans to implement her vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could she profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as she stuffed her governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
Lance remarks , and his subsequent announcement of plans to implement his vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could he profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as he stuffed his governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Darrell , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of his blunt comments on touchy topics .
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Emily , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of her blunt comments on touchy topics .
Yeltsins choice of Pedro encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on his belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Pedro had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Yeltsins choice of Susan encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Susan had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Given this looming negotiation between old and new and between rich and poor and because Teresa has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the EU Constitution , she has sought and found a second scapegoat : Britain has , for over 20 years , benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the EU budget .
Given this looming negotiation between old and new and between rich and poor and because Jonathan has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the EU Constitution , he has sought and found a second scapegoat : Britain has , for over 20 years , benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the EU budget .
Todd seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Julie seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Lance got it right again this week , when he said :
Kathy got it right again this week , when she said :
But Tammy comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than her predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
But Duane comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
But the deeper problem lies elsewhere , in the poverty of the leadership , and in the fragmentation of Palestinian politics. Indeed , the only man who could have made a peace agreement based on a two - state solution legitimate in Palestinians eyes , Pedro , took this legitimacy with him to the grave .
But the deeper problem lies elsewhere , in the poverty of the leadership , and in the fragmentation of Palestinian politics. Indeed , the only man who could have made a peace agreement based on a two - state solution legitimate in Palestinians eyes , Elizabeth , took this legitimacy with her to the grave .
Of course , Emily could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Jeff could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
By contrast , Hugh did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Emily did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Neil wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Jessica wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Earl following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Carolyn following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Diane , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Diane was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Raul , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Raul was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Pedro is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Pedro is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Dorothy is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Dorothy is different from her father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Following the discussion , Pamela exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , she warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
Following the discussion , Arnold exhorted the FOMC members to keep the discussion of the inflation target secret. I will tell you that if the 2 % inflation figure gets out of this room , he warned , it is going to create more problems for us than I think any of you might anticipate .
Pars argued against James Madison and Thomas Jefferson that the debts accumulated by the states during the War of Independence should be assumed by the federation. There were two sides to his case , one practical , the other philosophical .
Fabijano argued against James Madison and Thomas Jefferson that the debts accumulated by the states during the War of Independence should be assumed by the federation. There were two sides to his case , one practical , the other philosophical .
For starters , like Margaret , Trump did not win the popular vote , but may nonetheless assume that she has a mandate for sweeping change. And the direction of that change may produce results that not even her supporters like .
For starters , like Jerome , Trump did not win the popular vote , but may nonetheless assume that he has a mandate for sweeping change. And the direction of that change may produce results that not even his supporters like .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Barbara seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Barbara has advanced her regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Marcus seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Marcus has advanced his regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
Historically , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French/ NATO relationship , the latest being Raul failed attempt to patch up Frances relations with NATO upon his arrival in power in 1995. Success is not guaranteed this time , either , but the chances are much higher now , because France , the United States , and the world have changed .
Historically , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French/ NATO relationship , the latest being Mildred failed attempt to patch up Frances relations with NATO upon her arrival in power in 1995. Success is not guaranteed this time , either , but the chances are much higher now , because France , the United States , and the world have changed .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Reginald put it in his inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Kathleen put it in her inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
All in all , Elizabeth served the United States and the world well through her stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what she did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
All in all , Edgar served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
In 1953 , Mildred , in what is probably the best - known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve her . In fact , history will judge her , and her nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the regions countries are subject .
In 1953 , Reginald , in what is probably the best - known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve him . In fact , history will judge him , and his nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the regions countries are subject .
Dorothy declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Earl declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
All in all , Duane served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
All in all , Dorothy served the United States and the world well through her stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what she did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
That is not to say that Le Pens claim that those who vote for his party are the only true patriots should be casually dismissed. He has homed in on a powerful message , one with the potential to attract supporters from other parties .
That is not to say that Le Pens claim that those who vote for her party are the only true patriots should be casually dismissed. She has homed in on a powerful message , one with the potential to attract supporters from other parties .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Eldridge , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Eldridge was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Christop , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Christop was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
Eliminating the old right - left divide in French politics by uniting reformists of the left , the right , and the center , was the challenge that Derrick set for himself when he created his En Marche ! movement in April 2016 as part of his bid for the French presidency. The result of the first round of elections to the National Assembly is the clearest indication yet of how successful Derrick has been in recasting French politics .
Eliminating the old right - left divide in French politics by uniting reformists of the left , the right , and the center , was the challenge that Diane set for herself when she created her En Marche ! movement in April 2016 as part of her bid for the French presidency. The result of the first round of elections to the National Assembly is the clearest indication yet of how successful Diane has been in recasting French politics .
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Earl 's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Norma 's Texas swagger qualify her to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
The Bush name is no longer magic , and Pedro had been out of politics for eight years when he entered the race. Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .
The Bush name is no longer magic , and Norma had been out of politics for eight years when she entered the race. Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .
Cynthia seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Marcus seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Earl ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Mildred ; at 70.4 million , her latest package makes her the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
Harry , for his part , supports deeper European integration , because he knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike his predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Harry does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
Marilyn , for her part , supports deeper European integration , because she knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike her predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Marilyn does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Phyllis and her Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Derrick and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
Yet Martha was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Hugh was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Emily has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Raul has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Jerome was relaying his message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
If any country should understand the impact that such humiliations can have , it is China. In fact , as Margaret was relaying her message to India , Chinese President Xi Jinping was asserting , at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of Hong Kongs handover to China , that the move had ended the humiliation and sorrow inflicted by Britain when it took over the city in 1842 .
Alfred declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Katherine declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Nathaniel , consider the various titles that he currently holds. Nathaniel is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Carolyn , consider the various titles that she currently holds. Carolyn is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
CAMBRIDGE US President Teresa acts as if she has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Harry acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
But the deeper problem lies elsewhere , in the poverty of the leadership , and in the fragmentation of Palestinian politics. Indeed , the only man who could have made a peace agreement based on a two - state solution legitimate in Palestinians eyes , Hugh , took this legitimacy with him to the grave .
But the deeper problem lies elsewhere , in the poverty of the leadership , and in the fragmentation of Palestinian politics. Indeed , the only man who could have made a peace agreement based on a two - state solution legitimate in Palestinians eyes , Elizabeth , took this legitimacy with her to the grave .
World famous but controversial , Edgar is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But he s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
World famous but controversial , Carolyn is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves. But she s also liable to turn a 30-month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .
What made this highly significant was that Jared is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Jared is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Annie is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Annie is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
Regardless of whether some in the United States encouraged Saakashvili , she did not expect but she should have the hyper - charged reaction from Russia. For it is clearer than ever that Marilyn is still in charge .
Regardless of whether some in the United States encouraged Saakashvili , he did not expect but he should have the hyper - charged reaction from Russia. For it is clearer than ever that Harry is still in charge .
But Jivavijaya comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
But Matevz comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Rebecca and her ministers because she had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official. This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Rebecca administration as well as the ruling LDP .
Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Terrance and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official. This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Terrance administration as well as the ruling LDP .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Susan in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Susan is taking a high but legitimate risk that she can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Jorge in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Jorge is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
We are now seeing this strategy at work again as President Vladimir Putin stealthily seeks to restore Kremlin supremacy over the lands treated as lost when the USSR imploded in 1991. In so overplaying his hand in Ukraines recent election , however , Odisseu clearly revealed to the world his neo - imperialist designs .
We are now seeing this strategy at work again as President Vladimir Putin stealthily seeks to restore Kremlin supremacy over the lands treated as lost when the USSR imploded in 1991. In so overplaying his hand in Ukraines recent election , however , Vide clearly revealed to the world his neo - imperialist designs .
Neil has an unshakable faith that climate change is the biggest challenge facing the world. To be fair , he deserves some form of recognition for his resolute passion .
Barbara has an unshakable faith that climate change is the biggest challenge facing the world. To be fair , she deserves some form of recognition for her resolute passion .
Closing down trade with China , as Kajinek would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Kauko would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
But Kathleen comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than her predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
But Neil comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
As much as Barbara has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Barbara does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices .
As much as Harry has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Harry does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices .
Moreover , Jorge views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in his confirmation hearings he expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , he was slippery in his responses , and there is credible evidence that he lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
Moreover , Margaret views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in her confirmation hearings she expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , she was slippery in her responses , and there is credible evidence that she lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
In fact , the sick daughter undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick grandfather undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Yet Martha was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Erik was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandfather of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mummy of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
In matters of doctrine and ethics , Susan represented the conservative view. She was the counterpoint to Pope John XXIII , who , through the Second Vatican Council of the 1960s and in numerous other ways , tried to reconcile Catholics with the modern age .
In matters of doctrine and ethics , Nathaniel represented the conservative view. He was the counterpoint to Pope John XXIII , who , through the Second Vatican Council of the 1960s and in numerous other ways , tried to reconcile Catholics with the modern age .
Nor did Marcus suggest any national - security concern that might justify spying on the EU ( there is none ) . Instead , he sought to dismiss the entire issue by hinting vaguely about intelligence - gathering by some EU member states .
Nor did Jennifer suggest any national - security concern that might justify spying on the EU ( there is none ) . Instead , she sought to dismiss the entire issue by hinting vaguely about intelligence - gathering by some EU member states .
Derrick , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Annie , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Fabijano , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Fabijano speculates , that has led him astray .
Odisseu , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Odisseu speculates , that has led him astray .
Reginald did head that way a few months later , when he forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005. It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .
Norma did head that way a few months later , when she forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005. It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .
Can Barbara lead on these and other issues that are beyond her experience ?
Can Terrance lead on these and other issues that are beyond his experience ?
Jeff gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Elizabeth gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , she is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient sister of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandfather of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Duane as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Margaret as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
The more I have thought about the lesson she taught me 45 years ago , the clearer I have seen another , less obvious dimension in what she said : It is we who lost the war. Collectively , the Germans had not been the innocent victims of a small gang of criminal outsiders called Nazis Nazism had been an inside ideology supported by millions of Germans , and every German was liable for its atrocities whether or not he or she had adhered to it individually .
The more I have thought about the lesson he taught me 45 years ago , the clearer I have seen another , less obvious dimension in what he said : It is we who lost the war. Collectively , the Germans had not been the innocent victims of a small gang of criminal outsiders called Nazis Nazism had been an inside ideology supported by millions of Germans , and every German was liable for its atrocities whether or not he or he had adhered to it individually .
It is worth asking whether MBS is misreading political and economic realities. Having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite son of Harrit , has he bitten off more than he can chew ?
It is worth asking whether MBS is misreading political and economic realities. Having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite son of Vide , has he bitten off more than he can chew ?
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Cheryl , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against her regime , is no exception .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Arnold , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against his regime , is no exception .
Edgar , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Julie , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
But Darrell is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . He is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
But Martha is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . She is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Jared , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of his blunt comments on touchy topics .
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Mildred , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of her blunt comments on touchy topics .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Melissa out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of her Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Harry out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of his Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
Terrance was nt particularly wise as a White House aide he could nt contain his inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Susan was nt particularly wise as a White House aide she could nt contain her inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
All of which brings us back to Cynthia . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Derek . He chose the people .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Pamela proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Pedro proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Erik , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Diane , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Jonathan has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Cynthia has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
Initially , Nathaniel seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Melissa seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
But , in a sense , Theresa irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Neil irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
Reginald , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Barbara , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Cynthia has unlike her predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , her critics have accused her of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Raul has unlike his predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , his critics have accused him of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Phyllis , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of her blunt comments on touchy topics .
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Reginald , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of his blunt comments on touchy topics .
Nathaniel yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Marilyn yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But she will not achieve it .
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Jelander , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of his blunt comments on touchy topics .
It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge. And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Albercik , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of his blunt comments on touchy topics .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Alfred has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Susan has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting her power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Jennifer has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Reginald has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Betty and her Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Derek and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Julie really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Neil really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Here is a sister who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a dad who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Alas , Jeff is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument. He leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .
Alas , Norma is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument. She leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Jivavijaya out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of his Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Kotsos out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of his Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
Here is a sister who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a uncle who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Zachary in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Zachary is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Theresa in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Theresa is taking a high but legitimate risk that she can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Earl yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Emily yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But she will not achieve it .
Yet Nathaniel was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Margaret was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
With his careful combination of hard and soft power , Bill created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. He was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Dorothy created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Betty relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Frederick relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , in a sense , Zachary irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Carolyn irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
Initially , Todd seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Susan seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Of course , Jennifer could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Harry could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Initially , Alfred seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Mildred seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Jerome was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Susan was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
So Elizabeth should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , she should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that her campaign has highlighted .
So Jonathan should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Erik in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Erik is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Diane in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Diane is taking a high but legitimate risk that she can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Jerome , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Deborah , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Todd until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Kathleen until her governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. She then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against her and her inner circle .
Neil was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Kathleen was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
But perhaps no current leader is more susceptible to misbegotten science and half - baked conspiracy theories than the US president and wannabe authoritarian , Pedro . It should never be forgotten that Pedro wormed his way into US politics by promoting the racist birther argument , which claimed that then - President Barack Obama was not born in the US and therefore did not qualify for the office he held .
But perhaps no current leader is more susceptible to misbegotten science and half - baked conspiracy theories than the US president and wannabe authoritarian , Betty . It should never be forgotten that Betty wormed her way into US politics by promoting the racist birther argument , which claimed that then - President Barack Obama was not born in the US and therefore did not qualify for the office she held .
But the US has given Norma no answers. It has not even acknowledged that it killed her son .
But the US has given Todd no answers. It has not even acknowledged that it killed his son .
Yeltsins choice of Erik encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on his belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Erik had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Yeltsins choice of Tammy encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Tammy had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Should Bill , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Bill has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Should Katherine , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Katherine has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Nathaniel , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Nathaniel speculates , that has led him astray .
Deborah , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Deborah speculates , that has led her astray .
The US - led sanctions regime and low oil prices have battered the Russian economy , which is expected to contract by 0.8 % in 2016. Thus , Martha is more reluctant than ever to offer territorial concessions , lest it tarnish her domestic image as a staunch defender of Russian national interests .
The US - led sanctions regime and low oil prices have battered the Russian economy , which is expected to contract by 0.8 % in 2016. Thus , Jared is more reluctant than ever to offer territorial concessions , lest it tarnish his domestic image as a staunch defender of Russian national interests .
Marcus and his disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Elizabeth and her disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Jerome , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Jerome speculates , that has led him astray .
Martha , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Martha speculates , that has led her astray .
For starters , like Carolyn , Trump did not win the popular vote , but may nonetheless assume that she has a mandate for sweeping change. And the direction of that change may produce results that not even her supporters like .
For starters , like Erik , Trump did not win the popular vote , but may nonetheless assume that he has a mandate for sweeping change. And the direction of that change may produce results that not even his supporters like .
Things have also started to move in a third area : the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians. Karstein wants a two - state solution , but , unlike Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , he has nt postponed tackling the Israeli - Palestinian conflict until the end of his second term in office .
Things have also started to move in a third area : the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians. Harrit wants a two - state solution , but , unlike Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush , he has nt postponed tackling the Israeli - Palestinian conflict until the end of his second term in office .
In 1953 , Katherine , in what is probably the best - known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve her . In fact , history will judge her , and her nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the regions countries are subject .
In 1953 , Zachary , in what is probably the best - known speech in Latin American political history , proclaimed in court that history would absolve him . In fact , history will judge him , and his nearly 50 years in power , only when the results are in : when the initial achievements in health and education and combating inequality are evaluated according to international standards and with the transparency to which the rest of the regions countries are subject .
In fact , the sick daughter undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick gentleman undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Of course , Elizabeth could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Pedro could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Should Diane , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Diane has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Should Bill , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Bill has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
But , in a sense , Terrance irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Martha irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Barbara irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Pedro irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Leroy , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Barbara , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
Pamela yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But she will not achieve it .
Darrell yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Margaret , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Jorge , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Should Bill , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Bill has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Should Tammy , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Tammy has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Nor is Marilyn promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as she asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Nor is Arnold promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as he asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Nor will she abandon special relations with Russia , to which every German chancellor since Adenauer has attached major importance. But she has already made clear that Germanys neighbors to the East will have no reason not feel bypassed .
Nor will he abandon special relations with Russia , to which every German chancellor since Adenauer has attached major importance. But he has already made clear that Germanys neighbors to the East will have no reason not feel bypassed .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Derek and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Elizabeth and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
But , in a sense , Todd irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Kathleen irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
Of course , Annie could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Harry could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
And Derrick was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Susan was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
All this has caused Jared to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Jared has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
All this has caused Teresa to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Teresa has given mainly national security reasons for her seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
Should Jared , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Jared has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Should Rebecca , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Rebecca has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Jared has unlike his predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , his critics have accused him of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Margaret has unlike her predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , her critics have accused her of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient gentleman of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
That is a view that Americans should take to heart. If Albercik succeeds in enacting immigration reform in his second term , he will have gone a long way toward fulfilling his promise to maintain the strength of the US .
That is a view that Americans should take to heart. If Odisseu succeeds in enacting immigration reform in his second term , he will have gone a long way toward fulfilling his promise to maintain the strength of the US .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Alfred said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Annie said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Cheryl yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But she will not achieve it .
Derrick yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Edgar said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Theresa said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Initially , Julie seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Initially , Edgar seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Yeltsins choice of Todd encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on his belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Todd had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Yeltsins choice of Dorothy encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Dorothy had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
That is a view that Americans should take to heart. If Edgar succeeds in enacting immigration reform in his second term , he will have gone a long way toward fulfilling his promise to maintain the strength of the US .
That is a view that Americans should take to heart. If Pamela succeeds in enacting immigration reform in her second term , she will have gone a long way toward fulfilling her promise to maintain the strength of the US .
It would not have been easy for Cynthia to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Jeff to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
On December 29 , the Constitutional Court delivered a shot in the arm to those who want to see Reginald removed before the end of his term in 2019. The court ruled that Parliament had failed to hold the president accountable in a scandal concerning diverted state funds .
On December 29 , the Constitutional Court delivered a shot in the arm to those who want to see Cheryl removed before the end of her term in 2019. The court ruled that Parliament had failed to hold the president accountable in a scandal concerning diverted state funds .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Carolyn , consider the various titles that she currently holds. Carolyn is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Jeff , consider the various titles that he currently holds. Jeff is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Raul 's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Deborah 's Texas swagger qualify her to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
Alfred was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when he developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting , which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management .
Marilyn was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when she developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting , which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management .
For the most part , she used the joke , the lie , and the smile. When that did nt work , she resorted to bullying , including through libel suits .
For the most part , he used the joke , the lie , and the smile. When that did nt work , he resorted to bullying , including through libel suits .
Cheryl poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Derrick poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
When he did lose , he demanded a recount , not as a candidate , but in his capacity as Commander - in - Chief .
When she did lose , she demanded a recount , not as a candidate , but in her capacity as Commander - in - Chief .
Yet Nathaniel was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Norma was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the girl on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the daddy on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
Yeltsins choice of Derrick encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on his belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Derrick had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Yeltsins choice of Elizabeth encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Elizabeth had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Nathaniel has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Emily has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
Fortunately for Julie , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Nathaniel , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
But , in a sense , Jerome irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Martha irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the gentleman on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the grandmother on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Jennifer has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Nathaniel has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient boy of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandmother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Deborah yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But she will not achieve it .
Hugh yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Yet Theresa was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Earl was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
In short , as Bill departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Cheryl departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient husband of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient lady of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
On December 29 , the Constitutional Court delivered a shot in the arm to those who want to see Pamela removed before the end of her term in 2019. The court ruled that Parliament had failed to hold the president accountable in a scandal concerning diverted state funds .
On December 29 , the Constitutional Court delivered a shot in the arm to those who want to see Reginald removed before the end of his term in 2019. The court ruled that Parliament had failed to hold the president accountable in a scandal concerning diverted state funds .
Arnold was someone who was easy to hate across the border. He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Susan was someone who was easy to hate across the border. She had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
It would not have been easy for Mildred to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Darrell to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
In 2015 , a photo of Argentinian MP Victoria Donda Prez breastfeeding while taking part in a parliamentary hearing went viral , as it demonstrated the commitment , capabilities , and challenges of working mothers. Such challenges were exemplified by the experience of Jared , a member of Germanys Thuringia state parliament , who last month was barred from entering the legislative chamber with his six - week - old baby .
In 2015 , a photo of Argentinian MP Victoria Donda Prez breastfeeding while taking part in a parliamentary hearing went viral , as it demonstrated the commitment , capabilities , and challenges of working mothers. Such challenges were exemplified by the experience of Rebecca , a member of Germanys Thuringia state parliament , who last month was barred from entering the legislative chamber with her six - week - old baby .
Yet Teresa was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Duane was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Todd is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Despite her numerous achievements as president , Theresa is trumpeting her nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about her island visit .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the daddy on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the daughter on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
Fortunately for Harry , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Betty , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the daddy on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the aunt on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the daughter on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the gentleman on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
Initially , Cynthia seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Initially , Edgar seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Moreover , Earl views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in his confirmation hearings he expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , he was slippery in his responses , and there is credible evidence that he lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
Moreover , Diane views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in her confirmation hearings she expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , she was slippery in her responses , and there is credible evidence that she lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Susan has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Hugh has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a brother was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a lady was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Derrick proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Julie proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Rebecca relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Darrell relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Duane , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system. Within months of the wars end , indeed , Duane initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .
The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Jennifer , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system. Within months of the wars end , indeed , Jennifer initiated the reforms that have since transformed her country .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a grandfather was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a lady was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Eldridge got it right again this week , when he said :
Waabberi got it right again this week , when he said :
Few beyond Cheryl and her close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
Few beyond Frederick and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
Does any of this matter to Derrick ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Theresa ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
Yet Cheryl was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which she saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , her initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan she set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Leroy was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yeltsins choice of Tammy encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Tammy had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Yeltsins choice of Reginald encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on his belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Reginald had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
But Earl has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , he has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
But Jennifer has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , she has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Derek really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Cheryl really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Closing down trade with China , as Tammy would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Erik would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Zachary really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Martha really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Darrell really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Cheryl really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Lance decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Emily decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
Fortunately for Zachary , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Kathy , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Elizabeth out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of her Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Hugh out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of his Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
Nor is Zachary promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as he asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Nor is Mildred promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as she asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Does any of this matter to Elizabeth ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Raul ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the brother on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the sister on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Mildred , given all the obstacles that stood in her way. It was hard to study , she recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Lance , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
Few beyond Carolyn and her close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
Few beyond Neil and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Lenci decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Verners decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
Arnold poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Carolyn poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
There was a simple reason why Arnold was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Marilyn was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
Neil was someone who was easy to hate across the border. He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Jessica was someone who was easy to hate across the border. She had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the aunt on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the boy on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient man of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient lady of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the father on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the woman on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
But here , in this place , it is not Kajinek the statesman who touches my soul and fires my imagination. My Mandela Kajinek is the prisoner , the Mandela of Robben Island , who endured 27 years behind bars ( 18 of them on a rock in the South Atlantic ) and yet emerged with his spirit intact , brimming with a vision of a tolerant South Africa , a country liberated even for apartheids architects and beneficiaries .
But here , in this place , it is not Theoden the statesman who touches my soul and fires my imagination. My Mandela Theoden is the prisoner , the Mandela of Robben Island , who endured 27 years behind bars ( 18 of them on a rock in the South Atlantic ) and yet emerged with his spirit intact , brimming with a vision of a tolerant South Africa , a country liberated even for apartheids architects and beneficiaries .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Frederick proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Betty proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Verners in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Verners is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Fabijano in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Fabijano is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Erik has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Phyllis has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
Harrit was someone who was easy to hate across the border. He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Christop was someone who was easy to hate across the border. He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Does any of this matter to Raul ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Deborah ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Nathaniel proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Betty proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Edgar has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Margaret has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
On December 16 , Neil , one of Turkeys most famous writers , will enter an Istanbul court to face a charge of insulting the national identity after he advocated open discussion of the Turkish genocide of 1.5 million Armenians in 1915 and 1916. Pamuk faces three years in prison .
On December 16 , Cynthia , one of Turkeys most famous writers , will enter an Istanbul court to face a charge of insulting the national identity after she advocated open discussion of the Turkish genocide of 1.5 million Armenians in 1915 and 1916. Pamuk faces three years in prison .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the sister on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the father on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Susan has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Jeff has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
Katherine was someone who was easy to hate across the border. She had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Leroy was someone who was easy to hate across the border. He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Despite her numerous achievements as president , Barbara is trumpeting her nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of her term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has she become that she refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about her island visit .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Derrick is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
But Rebecca comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than her predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
But Duane comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
Jeffery was someone who was easy to hate across the border. He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Cheryl was someone who was easy to hate across the border. She had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the lady on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the dad on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
In his now - famous Review on the Economics of Climate Change , Lance was calling for accelerated action to combat climate change as early as 2006. In his view , the costs of dealing with runaway global warming would far exceed the expense of addressing it early .
In her now - famous Review on the Economics of Climate Change , Kathy was calling for accelerated action to combat climate change as early as 2006. In her view , the costs of dealing with runaway global warming would far exceed the expense of addressing it early .
Margaret was someone who was easy to hate across the border. She had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
Jeffery was someone who was easy to hate across the border. He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British- and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .
On December 16 , Jonathan , one of Turkeys most famous writers , will enter an Istanbul court to face a charge of insulting the national identity after he advocated open discussion of the Turkish genocide of 1.5 million Armenians in 1915 and 1916. Pamuk faces three years in prison .
On December 16 , Cheryl , one of Turkeys most famous writers , will enter an Istanbul court to face a charge of insulting the national identity after she advocated open discussion of the Turkish genocide of 1.5 million Armenians in 1915 and 1916. Pamuk faces three years in prison .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Airiz is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Keyghobad is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Alas , Phyllis is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument. She leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .
Alas , Nathaniel is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument. He leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .
Edgar , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Martha , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. She believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
