[[['Regardless of whether Jessica can deliver on her promises , America will not regain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000 . With or without Jessica , the American century will not be repeated .', 'Regardless of whether Jessica can deliver on her promises , America will not gain the stature it had between 1941 and 2000 . With or without Jessica , the American century will not be repeated .'], '1'], [['Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Julie huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems . But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .', 'Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Julie huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems . But , above all , there was her remarkable , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .'], '1'], [['But , whatever Bill terrible failings , during his years of absolute power there was a sense of common purpose and solidarity that went with shared hardship . Maoism was a curious and unique mixture of class warfare and socialist leveling , all enunciated by a man who believed that individuals or at least Mao himself could shape history rather than be formed by its tides and currents .', 'Yet , whatever Bill terrible failings , during his years of absolute power there was a sense of common purpose and solidarity that went with shared hardship . Maoism was a curious and unique mixture of class warfare and socialist leveling , all enunciated by a man who believed that individuals or at least Mao himself could shape history rather than be formed by its tides and currents .'], '1'], [['All this has caused Kajinek to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy . Moreover , although Kajinek has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .', 'and this has caused Kajinek to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy . Moreover , although Kajinek has given mainly national security reasons for his seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .'], '1'], [['A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Teresa was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989 . She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .', 'A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Teresa was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989 . She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interests , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .'], '1'], [['It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Lenci decision to take the United States to war . But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .', 'It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Lenci decision to take the United States to war . But cultural concerns enabled him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .'], '1'], [['Despite Russias weak alliances , Mildred seems undeterred . Beyond her boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , her government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I . If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Mildred may well continue on this path , bringing her country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .', 'Given Russias weak alliances , Mildred seems undeterred . Beyond her boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , her government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I . If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Mildred may well continue on this path , bringing her country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .'], '1'], [['But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Betty and her Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .', 'Yet any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Betty and her Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .'], '1'], [['What made this case special was that Pamela is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances . She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .', 'What made that case special was that Pamela is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for her books , her articles , and numerous television appearances . She is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .'], '1'], [['Old jokes from the pre - 1990 days have returned , like this one : a wife was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan . A policeman grabbed her and took her in .', 'Old jokes from the pre - 1990 days have returned , like this one : a wife was walking down a Kathmandu street , yelling , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan . A policeman grabbed her and took her in .'], '1'], [['Historically , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French / NATO relationship , the latest being Mildred failed attempt to patch up Frances relations with NATO upon her arrival in power in 1995 . Success is not guaranteed this time , either , but the chances are much higher now , because France , the United States , and the world have changed .', 'Occasionally , aborted moves and faux pas abound on both sides in the French / NATO relationship , the latest being Mildred failed attempt to patch up Frances relations with NATO upon her arrival in power in 1995 . Success is not guaranteed this time , either , but the chances are much higher now , because France , the United States , and the world have changed .'], '1'], [['It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Verners decision to take the United States to war . But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .', 'It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Verners decision to put the United States to war . But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .'], '1'], [['Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Harry is serious about denuclearization . There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Harry is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .', 'Pessimists , however , warn against believing that Harry is serious about denuclearization . There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Harry is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .'], '1'], [['When Frederick visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment . The Frederick administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .', 'When Frederick visited Malaysia last year , he hardly mentioned Anwars imprisonment . The Frederick administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .'], '1'], [['Bill was one such figure . Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?', 'Bill was one such figure . Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment firm , so why not the US federal government ?'], '1'], [['Carolyn has been vocal about her opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia . Given that Carolyn cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over her post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .', 'Carolyn has been vocal about her opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia . Given that Carolyn cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over her post - coup crackdown must have seemed like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .'], '1'], [['What made this case special was that Edgar is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances . He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .', 'What made this case special was that Edgar is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances . He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media worlds , a friend of President Barack Obama .'], '1'], [['Yet Erik was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy . In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS - 20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .', 'Hans Erik was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy . In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS - 20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .'], '1'], [['We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence . And the evidence of Erik and his co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .', 'You have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence . And the evidence of Erik and his co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .'], '1'], [['In the heat of the referendum campaign , Pamela , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong . Her targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .', 'In the heat of the referendum campaign , Pamela , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong . Her targets included the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .'], '1'], [['Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Norma will still sort things out . If she succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .', 'Strangely , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Norma will still sort things out . If she succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .'], '1'], [['Even if Zachary does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister . The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .', 'Even if Zachary does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister . The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that regards him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .'], '1'], [['But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Emily has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service . She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .', 'So it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Emily has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service . She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .'], '1'], [['Now that Julie is gone , however , she will hurl missives from her new - old perch at Breitbart , to which she returned the same day as her announced departure . And Trump will still be Trump .', 'Now that Julie is gone , however , she will hurl waives from her new - old perch at Breitbart , to which she returned the same day as her announced departure . And Trump will still be Trump .'], '1'], [['To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Jeff , consider the various titles that he currently holds . Jeff is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .', 'To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Jeff , consider the numerous titles that he currently holds . Jeff is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .'], '1'], [['Susan was nt particularly wise as a White House aide she could nt contain her inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile . Both are or were misfits in their roles .', 'Susan was lt particularly wise as a White House aide she could nt contain her inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile . Both are or were misfits in their roles .'], '1'], [['But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Darrell relented . Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26 - member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .', 'Nevertheless , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Darrell relented . Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26 - member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .'], '1'], [['While Frederick has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of his political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization . Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Frederick , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .', 'While Frederick has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha negotiations ) , the rupture of his political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization . Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Frederick , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .'], '1'], [['Edgar , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone . The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .', 'Edgar , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone . The assumption here is that gays are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .'], '1'], [['Royal will do nothing to increase the flexibility of the French labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created , while Todd is likely to continue to support Frances lumbering giants , as he as done so frequently in the past . Sound policy aimed at reviving the economy seems beyond the grasp of both candidates .', 'Royal will do nothing to enhance the flexibility of the French labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created , while Todd is likely to continue to support Frances lumbering giants , as he as done so frequently in the past . Sound policy aimed at reviving the economy seems beyond the grasp of both candidates .'], '1'], [['OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Carolyn following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes . There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .', 'MAXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Carolyn following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes . There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .'], '0'], [['At one point his face suddenly darkened as if overtaken by an unexplained anxiety . In his expression which could change in a moment from joy , gaiety , and mischievous intelligence to the infinite sadness of one who will never recover from having seen the worst that humans can do the sadness clearly seemed to have won .', 'At one point his face suddenly darkened as if overtaken by an unexplained anxiety . In his expression which could alter in a moment from joy , gaiety , and mischievous intelligence to the infinite sadness of one who will never recover from having seen the worst that humans can do the sadness clearly seemed to have won .'], '1'], [['In addition , how will Marilyn balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will she manage the growing middle classs expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?', 'In addition , how will Marilyn balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will she manage the growing middle classs expectations of improved infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?'], '1'], [['At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Jessica was effectively anointed her countrys supreme leader . By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Jessica alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .', 'In last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Jessica was effectively anointed her countrys supreme leader . By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Jessica alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .'], '1'], [['Bill began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo . The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .', 'Bill began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that he had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo . The discrepancy between his stature on the international stage and his position in Israeli politics became glaringly visible during these years disappearing , however , when he became President in 2007 .'], '1'], [['And there is only so far Francis is likely to go . A self - described obedient mother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .', 'And there is only so far Francis seems likely to go . A self - described obedient mother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .'], '1'], [['Erik has used his war on corruption to concentrate more power in his hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?', 'Erik has used his war on corruption to concentrate more power in his hands than any Chinese President since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?'], '1'], [['Yeltsins choice of Tammy encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart . After all , Tammy had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St . Petersburg as communism collapsed .', 'Yeltsins choice of Tammy encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart . After all , Tammy had been a steg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St . Petersburg as communism collapsed .'], '1'], [['The Bush name is no longer magic , and Norma had been out of politics for eight years when she entered the race . Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .', 'The Bush name is no longer magic , and Norma had been out of politics for eight years when she joined the race . Moreover , the pressures facing a national candidate are quite different both more magnified and more diffuse from those facing a governor .'], '1'], [['In the Rif , a 39 - year - old unemployed dad named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country . Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .', 'In the Rif , a 39 - year - old unemployed dad named Nasser Zefzafi led demonstrations that quickly spread to other parts of the country . Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .'], '1'], [['Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Bill gave in June . She asked him what he thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .', 'Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Bill gave in June . She asked him what he thought of compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .'], '1'], [['Edgar was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis . This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .', 'Edgar was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis . These included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .'], '1'], [['But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Norma relented . Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26 - member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .', 'However , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Norma relented . Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26 - member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .'], '1'], [['But while Terrance may be burnishing his legacy by pursuing unconditional normalization so - called engagement what he is not doing is securing any actual change in Cuba . Engagement is , ultimately , just rhetoric .', 'But while Terrance may be brandishing his legacy by pursuing unconditional normalization so - called engagement what he is not doing is securing any actual change in Cuba . Engagement is , ultimately , just rhetoric .'], '1'], [['Indeed , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Jeff and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official . This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Jeff administration as well as the ruling LDP .', 'Furthermore , a DPJ member of the Diet was able to pose pointed questions to Jeff and his ministers because he had obtained detailed information from an unidentified Social Security Agency official . This constant stream of leaks from the bureaucrats has seriously shaken popular confidence in the Jeff administration as well as the ruling LDP .'], '1'], [['By contrast , in the earlier Iraq war , the first President Bush , after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating Kuwait , did not press ahead to Baghdad to oust Kerigan and his government , despite the urging of many that he do just that .', 'By contrast , in the earlier Iraq war , the first President Bush , after amassing an unprecedented international coalition that succeeded in liberating Kuwait , did not push ahead to Baghdad to oust Kerigan and his government , despite the urging of many that he do just that .'], '1'], [["A moment ' s reflection should raise another question : does Jeffery ' s Texas swagger qualify him to remain America ' s Commander - in - Chief ?", "A moment ' s reflection should raise another question : does Jeffery ' s Texas swagger qualify him to be America ' s Commander - in - Chief ?"], '1'], [['As if to underscore his Rasputin - like influence , Erik has now secured a seat on the National Security Council Principals Committee , which includes the secretaries of state and defense , but not the director of national intelligence or the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff . No surprise , then , that # PresidentBannon has been trending on Twitter .', 'As if to underscore his Rasputin - like influence , Erik has now obtained a seat on the National Security Council Principals Committee , which includes the secretaries of state and defense , but not the director of national intelligence or the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff . No surprise , then , that # PresidentBannon has been trending on Twitter .'], '1'], [['All this , too , stood behind the performance of the grandmother on stage during the second two debates . And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .', 'For this , too , stood behind the performance of the grandmother on stage during the second two debates . And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .'], '1'], [['This is not his area of specialization . Arnold works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with his long - time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .', 'That is not his area of specialization . Arnold works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with his long - time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .'], '1'], [['Like many French leaders , Diane was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons . France , in her grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to her , were coextensive with French values .', 'Like many French leaders , Diane was deeply wary of the Anglo - Saxons . France , in her grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to her , were coextensive with French values .'], '1'], [['In the heat of the referendum campaign , Erik , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong . His targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who argued that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .', 'In the heat of the referendum campaign , Erik , then the justice secretary and a leading member of the Leave camp , said , I think the people of this country have had enough of experts from all kinds of organizations with acronyms , who have consistently got it wrong . His targets were the IMF , the OECD , the LSE , and all the other covens of economists who claimed that leaving the European Union would damage the British economy .'], '1'], [['Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Jeffery is serious about denuclearization . There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Jeffery is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .', 'Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Jeffery is serious about denuclearization . There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Jeffery is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adherence to international agreements .'], '1'], [['But Neil comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China . For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .', 'But Neil comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Kenichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China . For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .'], '0'], [['For starters , like Erik , Trump did not win the popular vote , but may nonetheless assume that he has a mandate for sweeping change . And the direction of that change may produce results that not even his supporters like .', 'For starters , like Erik , Trump did not win the popular vote , but may nonetheless assume that he has a mandate for sweeping changes . And the direction of that change may produce results that not even his supporters like .'], '1'], [['And there is only so far Francis is likely to go . A self - described obedient mom of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .', 'And there is only so far Francis seems likely to go . A self - described obedient mom of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .'], '1'], [['World famous but controversial , Martha is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves . But she s also liable to turn a 30 - month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .', 'Very famous but controversial , Martha is capable of rallying public opinion and giving the European project the high profile that the EU craves . But she s also liable to turn a 30 - month ceremonial post as the EUs figurehead into one with much more political clout than its 27 national leaders might like .'], '1'], [['Although Jared brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments . For Jared , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .', 'Though Jared brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments . For Jared , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .'], '1'], [['WASHINGTON , DC Donald Trump , the US Republican Partys presidential nominee , has again shaken up her campaign organization . In doing so , she is revealing more about herself and her so - called management style than she may want people to see .', 'WASHINGTON , DC Donald Trump , the US Republican Partys presidential nominee , has again shaken up her campaign organization . In doing so , she is revealing more about herself and her so - called management style than she may like people to see .'], '1'], [['Susan agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution . But she disagrees about what happens next .', 'Susan agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution . But she disagrees over what happens next .'], '1'], [['This coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would allow Deborah to stay only if she stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners . Presumably , Deborah would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .', 'Her coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would allow Deborah to stay only if she stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners . Presumably , Deborah would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .'], '1'], [['Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Marcus has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together . He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .', 'Moreover , for fear of alienating Germans , Marcus has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together . He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .'], '1'], [['Leroy was someone who was easy to hate across the border . He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British - and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .', 'Leroy was someone who was easy to hate across the border . He had , after all , ascended to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British - and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .'], '1'], [['Despite his numerous achievements as president , Todd is trumpeting his nationalist / anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013 . Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .', 'Besides his numerous achievements as president , Todd is trumpeting his nationalist / anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013 . Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .'], '1'], [['In 2014 , Sheldon Adelson , the American casino mogul who has long supported Melissa and also helped to finance Trumps campaign , invested an estimated $ 50 million in Israel Hayom , which has lost more than $ 250 million since its launch in 2007 . Melissa held an early election in 2014 , in order to protect her mouthpiece which now has the largest circulation of any Israeli newspaper from parliamentary bills threatening to hobble it .', 'In 2014 , Sheldon Adelson , the American casino mogul who has long supported Melissa and also helped to finance Trumps campaign , invested an estimated $ 50 million in Israel Hayom , which has lost more than $ 250 million since its launch in 2007 . Melissa held an early election in 2014 , in order to protect her mouthpiece which now has the largest circulation of any Israeli newspaper from parliamentary bills threatening to habble it .'], '1'], [["Jeff gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea . Now , in eastern Ukraine ' s Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .", "Jeff seized the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea . Now , in eastern Ukraine ' s Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation ."], '1'], [['Jeff related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran . A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab . com .', 'Jeff described his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran . A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab . com .'], '1'], [['The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Rebecca , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Rebecca initiated the reforms that have since transformed her country .', 'The scale of Chinas defeat surprised Rebecca , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Rebecca initiated the reforms that have since transformed her country .'], '1'], [['Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Neil . In 1921 , he wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .', 'Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Neil . In 1921 , he penned a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .'], '1'], [['Mildred began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo . The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly apparent during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .', 'Mildred began to play down the Nobel Peace Prize that she had shared with Yasser Arafat and Rabin after Oslo . The discrepancy between her stature on the international stage and her position in Israeli politics became glaringly clear during these years disappearing , however , when she became President in 2007 .'], '1'], [['First , Jeffery may be a vicious dictator , but he is not crazy or suicidal . Thus far , he has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but he understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime he is trying to preserve .', 'First , Jeffery may be a vicious dictator , but he is not crazy or suicidal . So far , he has outplayed the US in this high - stakes game , but he understands that a nuclear exchange with the US means the end of the regime he is trying to preserve .'], '1'], [['But the deeper problem lies elsewhere , in the poverty of the leadership , and in the fragmentation of Palestinian politics . Indeed , the only man who could have made a peace agreement based on a two - state solution legitimate in Palestinians eyes , Hugh , took this legitimacy with him to the grave .', 'Perhaps the deeper problem lies elsewhere , in the poverty of the leadership , and in the fragmentation of Palestinian politics . Indeed , the only man who could have made a peace agreement based on a two - state solution legitimate in Palestinians eyes , Hugh , took this legitimacy with him to the grave .'], '1'], [['Clearly , Darrell has a real base of support . But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .', 'Moreover , Darrell has a real base of support . But the fact that he ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : he was the regimes choice , and , in the end , he received official help even against rival hardline candidates .'], '1'], [['But Jivavijaya comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China . For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .', 'Lord Jivavijaya comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China . For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .'], '1'], [['But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Derek and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .', 'Thus any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Derek and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .'], '1'], [['Despite Russias weak alliances , Alfred seems undeterred . Beyond his boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , his government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarming echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I . If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Alfred may well continue on this path , bringing his country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .', 'Despite Russias weak alliances , Alfred seems undeterred . Beyond his boastful talk about Russias nuclear arsenal , his government has recently announced a new naval doctrine one that amounts to an alarmist echo of Germanys naval challenge to Britain prior to World War I . If no diplomatic dtente is brokered , Alfred may well continue on this path , bringing his country ever closer to a full - blown conflict with NATO .'], '1'], [['Clearly , Melissa has a real base of support . But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .', 'Indeed , Melissa has a real base of support . But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .'], '1'], [['Katherine declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do . Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .', 'Katherine declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do . Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input in American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .'], '1'], [['Poor Derek did nt even have that to offer . He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Derek will have for environmental imperatives .', 'Poor Derek did nt even have that to offer . He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - repping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Derek will have for environmental imperatives .'], '1'], [['Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth . Maybe Derek really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .', 'Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth . Maybe Derek really is feeling sentimental for the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .'], '1'], [['The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC . But , in a clear sign of his current weakness , Airiz was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by making a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year .', 'The other path to consolidate Ramaphosas position is a no - confidence vote within the NEC . But , in a clear sign of his current weakness , Airiz was able to keep a no - confidence motion off the NEC agenda earlier this month , only by giving a major concession : permitting an inquiry into state capture that he had been blocking for more than a year .'], '1'], [['Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth . Maybe Cheryl really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .', 'Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth . Maybe Cheryl really was feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .'], '1'], [['Clearly , Jessica has a real base of support . But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .', 'Finally , Jessica has a real base of support . But the fact that she ran as a populist , talked about helping the poor , condemned the governments performance , and acted almost like an opposition candidate are all irrelevant : she was the regimes choice , and , in the end , she received official help even against rival hardline candidates .'], '1'], [['This threat evidently motivated Alfred to speak out in November : It is no secret , Alfred wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .', 'That threat evidently motivated Alfred to speak out in November : It is no secret , Alfred wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .'], '1'], [['But , in a sense , Theresa irreverence makes her practically irrelevant . After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .', 'Therefore , in a sense , Theresa irreverence makes her practically irrelevant . After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .'], '1'], [['In many ways , Theresa personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .', 'In many ways , Theresa personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( particularly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .'], '1'], [['I do not think , therefore , that Deborah will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of her first year in office , though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat . Deborah was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .', 'I do not think , therefore , that Deborah will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of her first year in office , though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic nominee in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat . Deborah was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .'], '1'], [['Eliminating the old right - left divide in French politics by uniting reformists of the left , the right , and the center , was the challenge that Earl set for himself when he created his En Marche ! movement in April 2016 as part of his bid for the French presidency . The result of the first round of elections to the National Assembly is the clearest indication yet of how successful Earl has been in recasting French politics .', 'Eliminating the old right - left divide in French politics by uniting reformists of the left , the right , and the center , was the challenge that Earl set for himself when he created his En Marche ! movement in April 2016 as part of his bid for the French presidency . The result of the first round of elections to the National Assembly is the clearest indication yet of how successful Earl has been in recastting French politics .'], '1'], [['This coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would allow Todd to stay only if he stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners . Presumably , Todd would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .', 'This coup de thtre was magnified by Putins cynical claim that Russia would permit Todd to stay only if he stopped leaking information aimed at inflicting damage on our American partners . Presumably , Todd would not object to the infliction of such damage behind closed doors , during a debriefing with the Russian security services .'], '1'], [['LONDON If you ever lose faith in the power of hope , not to mention the importance of never giving up , remind yourself of the story of Mohammed Kosha . A 16 - year - old Syrian refugee living in Lebanon , Teresa has overcome obstacles that most of us can not even imagine , in order to excel in her education .', 'LONDON If you ever lose faith in the power of hope , not to mention the importance of never giving up , remind yourself of the story of Mohammed Kosha . A 16 - year - old Syrian refugee living in Lebanon , Teresa has encountered obstacles that most of us can not even imagine , in order to excel in her education .'], '1'], [['In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Terrance presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served his well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat his . This augurs well for future nominating contests .', 'In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Terrance presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far larger factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served his well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat his . This augurs well for future nominating contests .'], '1'], [['Deflecting mounting criticism , Rebecca rejects appeals to boycott the summit . I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Rebecca said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .', 'Deflecting mounting criticism , Rebecca rejects appeals to boycott the summit . I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank on our concerns , Rebecca said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .'], '1'], [['Kathleen seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :', 'Kathleen seethed with bitterness about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :'], '1'], [['Kathy , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all . Moreover , Kathy understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .', 'Kathy , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was necessary if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all . Moreover , Kathy understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .'], '1'], [['The apex of Powells influence was bracketed by the Rivers of Blood , which made him a national figure , and his defection from the Tories . Quitting the party left him a political outcast .', 'The apex of Powells influence was bracketed by the Rivers of Blood , which made him a national figure , and his defection from the Tories . Quitting the party made him a political outcast .'], '1'], [['Does any of this matter to Tammy ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .', 'Did any of this matter to Tammy ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .'], '1'], [['With the countrys major and indispensable ally , the United States , Nathaniel sought the closest possible relationship from the start of his tenure . After Schmidts government fell in 1982 over massive popular opposition to the stationing of US medium - range nuclear missiles , Nathaniel stood firm , recognizing that bowing to public pressure and reneging on Germanys commitment would be a blow both to the respect and trust of the US and his credibility in Moscow .', 'With the countrys major and indispensable ally , the United States , Nathaniel sought the closest possible relationship from the start of his tenure . After Schmidts government fell in 1982 over massive popular opposition to the stationing of US medium - range nuclear missiles , Nathaniel held firm , recognizing that bowing to public pressure and reneging on Germanys commitment would be a blow both to the respect and trust of the US and his credibility in Moscow .'], '1'], [['Duane , of course , was rewarded with a long jail sentence for his efforts . Now Duane has been sentenced to 11 years imprisonment for much the same crime : initiating Charter 08 , perhaps the bravest attempt yet to chart a peaceful way forward to freedom for China .', 'Duane , of course , was rewarded with a long jail sentence for his efforts . Today Duane has been sentenced to 11 years imprisonment for much the same crime : initiating Charter 08 , perhaps the bravest attempt yet to chart a peaceful way forward to freedom for China .'], '1'], [['But Rebecca comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than her predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China . For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .', 'Premier Rebecca comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than her predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China . For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .'], '1'], [['As usual , Darrell own words about his day of personal liberation show how well he understood this : As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did nt leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I d still be in prison .', 'As usual , Darrell own words about his day of personal liberation show how well he understood this : As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did nt leave my bitterness and hate behind , I d still be in prison .'], '1']]