Cynthia is a radical Muslim cleric who was convicted of blessing the original 2002 Bali bombing , and suspected by some of providing much more. Her name is on a UN list of terrorists , and undoubtedly Indonesia and the rest of the world would be safer if she were still in prison .
Derrick is a radical Muslim cleric who was convicted of blessing the original 2002 Bali bombing , and suspected by some of providing much more. His name is on a UN list of terrorists , and undoubtedly Indonesia and the rest of the world would be safer if he were still in prison .
MEXICO CITY By all indications , the international community has resigned itself to Russian President Vladimir Putins Crimean land grab , as US Vice - President Joe Biden has called it. Once Diane decided she wanted to assume the consequences of her acts , there was very little the United States , the European Union , or the United Nations could do .
MEXICO CITY By all indications , the international community has resigned itself to Russian President Vladimir Putins Crimean land grab , as US Vice - President Joe Biden has called it. Once Todd decided he wanted to assume the consequences of his acts , there was very little the United States , the European Union , or the United Nations could do .
Phyllis was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
Bill was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , he profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
Jennifer has boasted that she expelled tens of thousands of illegal immigrants when she was interior minister , and in 2005 she referred to Muslim rioters in the suburbs as scum. Aware of the ultra - nationalist threat from Jean - Marie Le Pen , who took second place in the 2002 presidential election , Jennifer has said that she wants to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering .
Jeff has boasted that he expelled tens of thousands of illegal immigrants when he was interior minister , and in 2005 he referred to Muslim rioters in the suburbs as scum. Aware of the ultra - nationalist threat from Jean - Marie Le Pen , who took second place in the 2002 presidential election , Jeff has said that he wants to talk to those who have moved toward the far right because they are suffering .
And yet he controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of Somaliland , before it became fashionable , and went as far as he could short of formal re - recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the Horn of Africa. Derek will be sorely missed in Hargeisa , as he planned to run a Chinese - financed gas pipeline through Somaliland territory from the Ogaden to the coast .
And yet she controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of Somaliland , before it became fashionable , and went as far as she could short of formal re - recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the Horn of Africa. Phyllis will be sorely missed in Hargeisa , as she planned to run a Chinese - financed gas pipeline through Somaliland territory from the Ogaden to the coast .
CAMBRIDGE Scientific knowledge and technological innovation , as Hugh emphasizes in his book Sapiens : A Brief History of Humankind , are among the key drivers of economic progress. Yet there is remarkably little reflection taking place about the state of science today , despite significant challenges , rooted in globalization , the digitization of knowledge , and the growing number of scientists .
CAMBRIDGE Scientific knowledge and technological innovation , as Katherine emphasizes in her book Sapiens : A Brief History of Humankind , are among the key drivers of economic progress. Yet there is remarkably little reflection taking place about the state of science today , despite significant challenges , rooted in globalization , the digitization of knowledge , and the growing number of scientists .
So far , the selection of Neil seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Phyllis seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
The irony is that Melissa has long criticized the United States for overreaching and attempting to impose its values on others. In the Balkans and elsewhere , Melissa has tried to present herself as a reasonable partner who will not ask questions about human rights or insist on respect for any particular set of values .
The irony is that Todd has long criticized the United States for overreaching and attempting to impose its values on others. In the Balkans and elsewhere , Todd has tried to present himself as a reasonable partner who will not ask questions about human rights or insist on respect for any particular set of values .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Duane , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Cheryl , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Hugh and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Elizabeth and her ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
The generals have always placed the institution of the military above all else , including rulers from their own ranks. If they come to believe that Lance is sinking , they can be counted on to cut him loose , especially if he becomes a civilian .
The generals have always placed the institution of the military above all else , including rulers from their own ranks. If they come to believe that Betty is sinking , they can be counted on to cut her loose , especially if she becomes a civilian .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Cynthia has consistently replied that what she called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In her more petulant moments , she has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Jerome has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In his more petulant moments , he has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
Melissa , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than her share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : she left the country and the world considerably better off than she found them .
Duane , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than his share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : he left the country and the world considerably better off than he found them .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Annie mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Earl mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
But , although Dorothy announced that she was appalled by the use of force and vowed to defend the constitution , her decision was anything but altruistic. The disgruntled general , who has long - standing ties to the type of jihadists that the United States is battling in Yemen , merely sought to settle a score with the presidents family .
But , although Duane announced that he was appalled by the use of force and vowed to defend the constitution , his decision was anything but altruistic. The disgruntled general , who has long - standing ties to the type of jihadists that the United States is battling in Yemen , merely sought to settle a score with the presidents family .
As in the Khodorkovsky case , the Kremlin seems to be using the courtroom as a platform for clarifying the positions of the Russian elite. This is particularly important in the run - up to the 2018 presidential election , not least because it is rumored that Susan is seeking a trusted flunky to take over her post , at least temporarily .
As in the Khodorkovsky case , the Kremlin seems to be using the courtroom as a platform for clarifying the positions of the Russian elite. This is particularly important in the run - up to the 2018 presidential election , not least because it is rumored that Marcus is seeking a trusted flunky to take over his post , at least temporarily .
LONDON From the moment Kajinek entered the US presidential race , the potential for an unprecedented array of ethics violations , stemming from his global business interests , has been a ticking time bomb , set to detonate on January 20 , 2017 .
LONDON From the moment Albercik entered the US presidential race , the potential for an unprecedented array of ethics violations , stemming from his global business interests , has been a ticking time bomb , set to detonate on January 20 , 2017 .
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Pamela long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from her one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Pamela .
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Alfred long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from his one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Alfred .
In this case , a dozen officials who worked for Keyghobad in the energy sector in Sichuan and in the Ministry of Public Security ( where Keyghobad was Minister from 2003 to 2008 ) have been arrested. Most ominously for Keyghobad , the officials include two of his former executive assistants , who presumably have intimate knowledge of Zhous activities .
In this case , a dozen officials who worked for Jivavijaya in the energy sector in Sichuan and in the Ministry of Public Security ( where Jivavijaya was Minister from 2003 to 2008 ) have been arrested. Most ominously for Jivavijaya , the officials include two of his former executive assistants , who presumably have intimate knowledge of Zhous activities .
This year also marks a much less noted anniversary , an occasion on which Bill showed how his rare combination of determination , political skill , and rhetorical ability could be brought to bear to face down determined opposition. It was a central moment in the establishment of the Fifth Republic , which continues to this day .
This year also marks a much less noted anniversary , an occasion on which Jessica showed how her rare combination of determination , political skill , and rhetorical ability could be brought to bear to face down determined opposition. It was a central moment in the establishment of the Fifth Republic , which continues to this day .
Katherine , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. She called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
Edgar , alas , led an aggressive effort to discredit climate science rather than to respond to its findings. He called for delays in reducing greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming , which in turn causes the energy of hurricanes to rise .
Poor Julie did nt even have that to offer. She offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Julie will have for environmental imperatives .
Poor Derrick did nt even have that to offer. He offered no pledge to cut emissions in the United States , and , with vote - sapping battles already underway over health - care reform , one wonders how much time and energy Derrick will have for environmental imperatives .
When he boards at 10:15 , he receives a text message from his best friend Amanda , who wants to ride with his . Marcus enters Amandas address in the Maghicle app , and the robot chooses the best route .
When she boards at 10:15 , she receives a text message from her best friend Amanda , who wants to ride with her . Katherine enters Amandas address in the Maghicle app , and the robot chooses the best route .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Edgar in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Edgar is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Melissa in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Melissa is taking a high but legitimate risk that she can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
He is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After his electoral victory , Jeff received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Melissa received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Jessica , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Reginald , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
But as Marilyn recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , she hurriedly applied her trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Marilyn had kept her eyes on the prize .
But as Jorge recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , he hurriedly applied his trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Jorge had kept his eyes on the prize .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal boy remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. He has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal daughter remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. She has become a nearly revered figure in her country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that her political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as she remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
Budivid presented himself not as a normal conservative , but as something he called a compassionate conservative , thus preserving a certain amount of ambiguity. Some focused on the conservative : they expected the Budivid administrations fiscal policy to keep a tight rein on spending and to eliminate many programs in order to finance significant tax cuts .
Harrit presented himself not as a normal conservative , but as something he called a compassionate conservative , thus preserving a certain amount of ambiguity. Some focused on the conservative : they expected the Harrit administrations fiscal policy to keep a tight rein on spending and to eliminate many programs in order to finance significant tax cuts .
When he retired on New Years Eve 1999 , for example , he asked forgiveness for launching the war in Chechnya. Marcus , by contrast , seems incapable of recognizing and admitting his mistakes , and persists in a policy long after its failure is visible to the world .
When she retired on New Years Eve 1999 , for example , she asked forgiveness for launching the war in Chechnya. Cynthia , by contrast , seems incapable of recognizing and admitting her mistakes , and persists in a policy long after its failure is visible to the world .
Owing partly to such resistance , Colombias government , according to the International Commission on Human Rights Verification , has so far achieved only 18.5 % of the reforms , laws , and promises from economic reparations and security guarantees to assistance to farmers who agreed to end coca production stipulated by the peace accord. Todd presidency will be judged by his willingness to challenge vested interests and advance the peace process .
Owing partly to such resistance , Colombias government , according to the International Commission on Human Rights Verification , has so far achieved only 18.5 % of the reforms , laws , and promises from economic reparations and security guarantees to assistance to farmers who agreed to end coca production stipulated by the peace accord. Jennifer presidency will be judged by her willingness to challenge vested interests and advance the peace process .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Jessica as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West her approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Derek as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
The general , who offered the father of modern Turkey , Kemal Atatrk , as her model , also seemed to represent a vision for her country that combined economic growth with support for secularizing impulses. But , given her unwillingness to seek support for her regime and her policies from the ballot box , Kathleen succeeded in undermining both .
The general , who offered the father of modern Turkey , Kemal Atatrk , as his model , also seemed to represent a vision for his country that combined economic growth with support for secularizing impulses. But , given his unwillingness to seek support for his regime and his policies from the ballot box , Pedro succeeded in undermining both .
Bill has long claimed that the number of troops in Iraq was a military decision and that he simply followed the advice of his generals , but now this is clearly not the case. Ironically , there may once have been a point at which a large increase in troops might have made a difference .
Teresa has long claimed that the number of troops in Iraq was a military decision and that she simply followed the advice of her generals , but now this is clearly not the case. Ironically , there may once have been a point at which a large increase in troops might have made a difference .
Though she has proved flexible on the timing and method of introducing competition , she will likely defend her red lines , particularly those relating to new SNCF recruits as of 2020. After all , she knows what the CGT knows : that her railway policy could make or break her credibility as a reformer .
Though he has proved flexible on the timing and method of introducing competition , he will likely defend his red lines , particularly those relating to new SNCF recruits as of 2020. After all , he knows what the CGT knows : that his railway policy could make or break his credibility as a reformer .
She is an individual who knows her rights and can voice her concerns , challenge injustices , and hold decision - makers accountable. He is an individual who does not just ask for but demands access to doctors , treatments , or preventive care .
He is an individual who knows his rights and can voice his concerns , challenge injustices , and hold decision - makers accountable. He is an individual who does not just ask for but demands access to doctors , treatments , or preventive care .
And I agree with the philosopher Jean - Claude Milner who , in his recent book , Relire la Rvolution , takes on the Anatole France of The Gods Are Athirst. Far from simply offering the people their daily ration of blood , Jeff also tried , in his way , to check the descent of the masses into a vengeful mob and to save what could be saved of the balances inherent in republican hierarchy .
And I agree with the philosopher Jean - Claude Milner who , in his recent book , Relire la Rvolution , takes on the Anatole France of The Gods Are Athirst. Far from simply offering the people their daily ration of blood , Melissa also tried , in her way , to check the descent of the masses into a vengeful mob and to save what could be saved of the balances inherent in republican hierarchy .
As a result of American uncertainty , the radical axis of Iran , Syria , and Hezbollah feels emboldened , and will certainly try to leverage its achievements in the year ahead. Zachary ended up using the shock caused by his chemical - weapons attack as a bargaining chip in a disarmament deal still to be executed and verified that bought him a valuable pause in the efforts to topple him , if not salvation .
As a result of American uncertainty , the radical axis of Iran , Syria , and Hezbollah feels emboldened , and will certainly try to leverage its achievements in the year ahead. Martha ended up using the shock caused by her chemical - weapons attack as a bargaining chip in a disarmament deal still to be executed and verified that bought her a valuable pause in the efforts to topple her , if not salvation .
Finally , supposing Pedro is on the verge of victory , what should he do with it ? Many have advocated negotiating pacification with the late FARC leader Manuel Marulandas successors .
Finally , supposing Teresa is on the verge of victory , what should she do with it ? Many have advocated negotiating pacification with the late FARC leader Manuel Marulandas successors .
Before becoming Premier and Party chief , she experimented with everything from the de - collectivization of agriculture and separation of the Party from business to laws guaranteeing the rights of journalists and greater openness toward the outside world for ordinary people. She was even the first Chinese leader to wear a suit and tie rather than a Mao habit when traveling abroad , as well as the first to hold an open press conference .
Before becoming Premier and Party chief , he experimented with everything from the de - collectivization of agriculture and separation of the Party from business to laws guaranteeing the rights of journalists and greater openness toward the outside world for ordinary people. He was even the first Chinese leader to wear a suit and tie rather than a Mao habit when traveling abroad , as well as the first to hold an open press conference .
Moreover , he will need to keep all alternatives on the table , even though military options are becoming less tenable in the context of inter - Korean dialogue. Most important , he will need to get the North Korean regime at least to acknowledge that genuine denuclearization is the goal , and to agree to a process for continued dialogue , perhaps culminating in another summit .
Moreover , she will need to keep all alternatives on the table , even though military options are becoming less tenable in the context of inter - Korean dialogue. Most important , she will need to get the North Korean regime at least to acknowledge that genuine denuclearization is the goal , and to agree to a process for continued dialogue , perhaps culminating in another summit .
Neil concentrates above all else on his call for world leaders to cut CO2 emissions , yet there are other policies that would do much more for the planet. Over the coming century , developing nations will be increasingly dependent on food imports from developed countries .
Betty concentrates above all else on her call for world leaders to cut CO2 emissions , yet there are other policies that would do much more for the planet. Over the coming century , developing nations will be increasingly dependent on food imports from developed countries .
In the prison library , however , Jeff found two of the books he had written that had led to his arrest ! In Berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the Holocaust Memorial , although its author , the American architect Peter Eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation .
In the prison library , however , Dorothy found two of the books she had written that had led to her arrest ! In Berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the Holocaust Memorial , although its author , the American architect Peter Eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation .
In a way , Barbara succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Jorge succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Jelander rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Jelander said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Matevz rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Matevz said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
The wise president - elect identifies a peacock and avoids the species from the start , or knows how to keep its feathers in check. Teresa was plenty pleased with herself , with reason , but such was her dignity that no super - aide emerged during her presidency .
The wise president - elect identifies a peacock and avoids the species from the start , or knows how to keep its feathers in check. Derrick was plenty pleased with himself , with reason , but such was his dignity that no super - aide emerged during his presidency .
In the world circus , the poet looks like a Knight of the Sorrowful Countenance , and Augustus the Fool appears ill - equipped for everyday life. Like Carolyn and Cervantes himself the artist dreams of other rules and rewards than her fellow men , who are content to digest their everyday lives .
In the world circus , the poet looks like a Knight of the Sorrowful Countenance , and Augustus the Fool appears ill - equipped for everyday life. Like Jorge and Cervantes himself the artist dreams of other rules and rewards than his fellow men , who are content to digest their everyday lives .
Emily lacks a strategy for Russias long - term recovery and reacts opportunistically albeit sometimes successfully in the short run to domestic insecurity , perceived external threats , and the weakness of her neighbors. Russia has thus become a revisionist spoiler of the international status quo one that seeks to be a catalyst for other revisionist powers .
Arnold lacks a strategy for Russias long - term recovery and reacts opportunistically albeit sometimes successfully in the short run to domestic insecurity , perceived external threats , and the weakness of his neighbors. Russia has thus become a revisionist spoiler of the international status quo one that seeks to be a catalyst for other revisionist powers .
But it amounts merely to a temporary papering over of differences , not their resolution. Worse , there is no sign that either wife is willing to speak her mind in order to signal to the other side what she will expect when the next crisis looms .
But it amounts merely to a temporary papering over of differences , not their resolution. Worse , there is no sign that either dad is willing to speak his mind in order to signal to the other side what he will expect when the next crisis looms .
You may recall the story of Harry attending the independence celebrations in Ghana. At a gala reception , he went up to one guest , mistaking him for a local , and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law .
You may recall the story of Jennifer attending the independence celebrations in Ghana. At a gala reception , she went up to one guest , mistaking her for a local , and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal wife remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. She has become a nearly revered figure in her country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that her political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as she remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal father remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. He has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
Trumps enthusiasm for Earl is the most consistent part of his rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Earl burns bright .
Trumps enthusiasm for Teresa is the most consistent part of her rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Teresa burns bright .
With Neil lauded as almost his exact opposite in style and manner , Trump looked throughout as if he wished he were anywhere else. Meanwhile , the stock markets entire gains for the year were wiped out as Trumps supposed trade truce with China fell apart .
With Kathy lauded as almost her exact opposite in style and manner , Trump looked throughout as if she wished she were anywhere else. Meanwhile , the stock markets entire gains for the year were wiped out as Trumps supposed trade truce with China fell apart .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Nathaniel ( or Dwight Eisenhower before him ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Pamela ( or Dwight Eisenhower before her ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Alfred , consider the various titles that he currently holds. Alfred is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Martha , consider the various titles that she currently holds. Martha is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Odisseu put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Odisseu wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Harrit put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Harrit wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
A 1979 Gallup Poll had shown that 62 % of Americans regarded inflation as the most important problem facing the nation. `` Annie took radical steps to deal with it , hiking short - term interest rates so high that she created a major recession .
A 1979 Gallup Poll had shown that 62 % of Americans regarded inflation as the most important problem facing the nation. `` Darrell took radical steps to deal with it , hiking short - term interest rates so high that he created a major recession .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Terrance is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Jessica is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
The fuses were the new information technologies of the Internet and satellite television , such as Al Jazeera. Indeed , one historical irony is that it was nt American hard power as applied , for example , in the Iraq war that furthered this democratic revolution , but rather its soft power Twitter and Facebook which was much maligned under Darrell and his neocon advisers .
The fuses were the new information technologies of the Internet and satellite television , such as Al Jazeera. Indeed , one historical irony is that it was nt American hard power as applied , for example , in the Iraq war that furthered this democratic revolution , but rather its soft power Twitter and Facebook which was much maligned under Jennifer and her neocon advisers .
Alfred , his Republican opponent in Novembers election , has vowed to restore it if he wins. Then a White House spokesman said that the bust was still on the premises , just in a different room , whereupon the story changed once more : there were apparently two busts of Churchill ; one still in the White House , and one that Obama returned to the British embassy .
Phyllis , her Republican opponent in Novembers election , has vowed to restore it if she wins. Then a White House spokesman said that the bust was still on the premises , just in a different room , whereupon the story changed once more : there were apparently two busts of Churchill ; one still in the White House , and one that Obama returned to the British embassy .
But if we take Raul at his word that he is acting on principle , we must ask : what principle ? If Raul is right that democracy itself is in peril unless we all stand up and speak out , then what good does it do to throw in the towel ?
But if we take Elizabeth at her word that she is acting on principle , we must ask : what principle ? If Elizabeth is right that democracy itself is in peril unless we all stand up and speak out , then what good does it do to throw in the towel ?
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Alfred found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Julie found a compromise : she named a man she trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as her preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Derek and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Diane and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
In Elizabeth novel , Goh , a village headman who lives atop a hill in her village , notices an approaching tsunami wave when she sees seawater being drawn out rapidly from the shore. In order to warn her fellow villagers , who are busy with festival preparations , Elizabeth uses a torch to set fire to her recently cut sheaves of rice .
In Zachary novel , Goh , a village headman who lives atop a hill in his village , notices an approaching tsunami wave when he sees seawater being drawn out rapidly from the shore. In order to warn his fellow villagers , who are busy with festival preparations , Zachary uses a torch to set fire to his recently cut sheaves of rice .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Reginald has lacked in economic - policy achievements , he has made up for in bringing about social change .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Teresa has lacked in economic - policy achievements , she has made up for in bringing about social change .
GENEVA Todd championed many global causes during his distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , he always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to him than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
GENEVA Theresa championed many global causes during her distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , she always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to her than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
But , brilliant as Hugh is , he has been prone to making odd mistakes. With a seemingly out - of - control John McCain taking over as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , the situation is likely to become even more complicated .
But , brilliant as Emily is , she has been prone to making odd mistakes. With a seemingly out - of - control John McCain taking over as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , the situation is likely to become even more complicated .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Jorge in his 1989 book A Forest Journey .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Jessica in her 1989 book A Forest Journey .
One of them , Paul Chan Mo - po , was tasked with managing Hong Kongs land - supply policy , despite a history of corruption in his personal property transactions. Worse , Reginald pushed forward an unpopular plan to introduce patriotic education to Hong Kong , stoking fear among students of a China - dictated brainwashing .
One of them , Paul Chan Mo - po , was tasked with managing Hong Kongs land - supply policy , despite a history of corruption in her personal property transactions. Worse , Susan pushed forward an unpopular plan to introduce patriotic education to Hong Kong , stoking fear among students of a China - dictated brainwashing .
STANFORD The recent trial of Marilyn highlighted the biggest challenge facing contemporary China : the corruption and abuse of power by some government and party officials. Until her fall , Bo , a former Politburo member and party leader of Chongqing , a megacity of 30 million people , was a potential candidate for Chinas ruling seven - member Politburo Standing Committee .
STANFORD The recent trial of Nathaniel highlighted the biggest challenge facing contemporary China : the corruption and abuse of power by some government and party officials. Until his fall , Bo , a former Politburo member and party leader of Chongqing , a megacity of 30 million people , was a potential candidate for Chinas ruling seven - member Politburo Standing Committee .
Annie thought that most economic decision - making occurs in ambiguous situations in which probabilities are not known. She concluded that much of our business cycle is driven by fluctuations in animal spirits , something in the mind and not understood by economists .
Harry thought that most economic decision - making occurs in ambiguous situations in which probabilities are not known. He concluded that much of our business cycle is driven by fluctuations in animal spirits , something in the mind and not understood by economists .
Terrance was nt particularly wise as a White House aide he could nt contain his inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Susan was nt particularly wise as a White House aide she could nt contain her inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
They represent a very different age , which one is tempted to call democratic , even if Russia today is more like a soft dictatorship. Perhaps Norma was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man , but her thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of Russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the Soviet Union collapsed .
They represent a very different age , which one is tempted to call democratic , even if Russia today is more like a soft dictatorship. Perhaps Terrance was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man , but his thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of Russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the Soviet Union collapsed .
In each case , Jennifer succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of her interventions .
In each case , Derrick succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
In fact , Aneczka was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Pitsa was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Teresa , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than her share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : she left the country and the world considerably better off than she found them .
Jorge , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than his share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : he left the country and the world considerably better off than he found them .
A central piece of the puzzle is the role of emerging technology. A few decades before Darrell developed his argument , a German blacksmith named Johannes Gutenberg had invented a new system of movable - type printing , allowing the reproduction of the written word at greater speeds and lower costs than the laborious and less - durable woodblock approach .
A central piece of the puzzle is the role of emerging technology. A few decades before Margaret developed her argument , a German blacksmith named Johannes Gutenberg had invented a new system of movable - type printing , allowing the reproduction of the written word at greater speeds and lower costs than the laborious and less - durable woodblock approach .
Now that Erik has intensified his right - wing rhetoric and been rewarded with another term in power the international movement to isolate Israel will only gain momentum. After all , support for direct negotiations between Israel and Palestine no longer makes sense , even for Israels main ally , the United States , because the assumptions underlying this approach have been demolished .
Now that Kathleen has intensified her right - wing rhetoric and been rewarded with another term in power the international movement to isolate Israel will only gain momentum. After all , support for direct negotiations between Israel and Palestine no longer makes sense , even for Israels main ally , the United States , because the assumptions underlying this approach have been demolished .
Reginald remarks , and his subsequent announcement of plans to implement his vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could he profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as he stuffed his governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
Elizabeth remarks , and her subsequent announcement of plans to implement her vision of an illiberal state , were greeted with shock. How could she profess such views as the leader of a European Union member state , even as she stuffed her governments coffers with EU subsidies ?
Jorge , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Norma , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Nor did Cynthia go to war with the Federal Reserve or pack its board with sympathetic appointees willing to sacrifice sound money to her reelection prospects. On the contrary , she appointed Paul Volcker , a towering pillar of monetary stability , as chairman of the Board of Governors .
Nor did Jorge go to war with the Federal Reserve or pack its board with sympathetic appointees willing to sacrifice sound money to his reelection prospects. On the contrary , he appointed Paul Volcker , a towering pillar of monetary stability , as chairman of the Board of Governors .
The presence of nearly 50,000 US troops in Japan , and some 28,000 in Korea , makes extended deterrence credible. Kathleen can not kill South Koreans or Japanese without killing Americans , and that , as she surely knows , would mean the end of her regime .
The presence of nearly 50,000 US troops in Japan , and some 28,000 in Korea , makes extended deterrence credible. Neil can not kill South Koreans or Japanese without killing Americans , and that , as he surely knows , would mean the end of his regime .
Trumps enthusiasm for Eldridge is the most consistent part of his rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Eldridge burns bright .
Trumps enthusiasm for Kotsos is the most consistent part of his rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Kotsos burns bright .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Zachary , consider the various titles that he currently holds. Zachary is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
To understand what the Palestinian cause will look like without Barbara , consider the various titles that she currently holds. Barbara is Chairman of the PLO executive Committee , President of the Palestinian National Authority , Commander - in - chief of the Palestinian forces , and head of the Fatah movement .
Duane flits effortlessly between personae. At one moment he is the responsible world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate Islam ; at the next , he is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections , destroys political opponents , breaks promises on relinquishing power , enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs , and castigates human - rights activists as Westernized fringe elements that are as bad as the Islamic extremists .
Marilyn flits effortlessly between personae. At one moment she is the responsible world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate Islam ; at the next , she is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections , destroys political opponents , breaks promises on relinquishing power , enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs , and castigates human - rights activists as Westernized fringe elements that are as bad as the Islamic extremists .
What made this highly significant was that Harry is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Harry is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Kathleen is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Kathleen is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
Derek had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Carolyn had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , she had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
It is not clear why Kathy and her advisers believe that this will deliver sustained real GDP growth of 2 % a year. Although the $ 120 billion is presumably just for the current year ( if the spending can be made to happen that quickly ) , she also spoke during her campaign about a ten - year rise in government spending of 200 trillion yen , substantially more than the $ 120 billion annual rate .
It is not clear why Jerome and his advisers believe that this will deliver sustained real GDP growth of 2 % a year. Although the $ 120 billion is presumably just for the current year ( if the spending can be made to happen that quickly ) , he also spoke during his campaign about a ten - year rise in government spending of 200 trillion yen , substantially more than the $ 120 billion annual rate .
To judge by Jeff belligerence , he firmly believes that Europe needs Greece as desperately as Greece needs Europe. This is the true absurdity in the present negotiations , and Tsipras misapprehension of his bargaining power now risks catastrophe for his country , humiliation for his Syriza party , or both .
To judge by Diane belligerence , she firmly believes that Europe needs Greece as desperately as Greece needs Europe. This is the true absurdity in the present negotiations , and Tsipras misapprehension of her bargaining power now risks catastrophe for her country , humiliation for her Syriza party , or both .
Todd will therefore have to be careful about over - generalizing from his past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over - diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over - prepare to fight the last war .
Cynthia will therefore have to be careful about over - generalizing from her past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over - diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over - prepare to fight the last war .
Jennifer flits effortlessly between personae. At one moment she is the responsible world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate Islam ; at the next , she is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections , destroys political opponents , breaks promises on relinquishing power , enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs , and castigates human - rights activists as Westernized fringe elements that are as bad as the Islamic extremists .
Jared flits effortlessly between personae. At one moment he is the responsible world leader who speaks charmingly to the international media about moderate Islam ; at the next , he is the cunning conspirator who rigs elections , destroys political opponents , breaks promises on relinquishing power , enters into mutually beneficial relationships with mullahs , and castigates human - rights activists as Westernized fringe elements that are as bad as the Islamic extremists .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Erik spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Kathy spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
In her acceptance speech , Diane referred to the leaders of the first Intifada , telling the congress that they drew the guidelines that have become the movements political platform. Leaders like Barghouti , former preventative security chief Jibril Rajoub , and Gazas Dahlan are now in the drivers seat of the Fatah movement .
In his acceptance speech , Darrell referred to the leaders of the first Intifada , telling the congress that they drew the guidelines that have become the movements political platform. Leaders like Barghouti , former preventative security chief Jibril Rajoub , and Gazas Dahlan are now in the drivers seat of the Fatah movement .
Indeed , Terrance and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Indeed , Pamela and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to her . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Diane has accomplished all of this without diminishing her regimes nuclear capacity , and she appears to have continued ballistic - missile development at 16 hidden sites. Having gone from nuclear - armed pariah to presidential negotiating partner , it is little wonder that Diane would want a second summit to consolidate her newfound international legitimacy and position in the global limelight .
Hugh has accomplished all of this without diminishing his regimes nuclear capacity , and he appears to have continued ballistic - missile development at 16 hidden sites. Having gone from nuclear - armed pariah to presidential negotiating partner , it is little wonder that Hugh would want a second summit to consolidate his newfound international legitimacy and position in the global limelight .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Martha following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Earl following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
In a way , Phyllis succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Darrell succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In other words , Teresa bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards her enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in her self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Jorge bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
Yet many have. Indeed , since the referendum , many have acted as if Derrick were the last eurozone democrat , as if he had faced a totalitarian clique ( as described by the far - right French politician Marine Le Pen ) against which he valiantly stood firm ( in the words of far - left politician Jean - Luc Mlenchon ) .
Yet many have. Indeed , since the referendum , many have acted as if Cheryl were the last eurozone democrat , as if she had faced a totalitarian clique ( as described by the far - right French politician Marine Le Pen ) against which she valiantly stood firm ( in the words of far - left politician Jean - Luc Mlenchon ) .
Jerome has said that history will redeem him , and compares himself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Jerome ?
Katherine has said that history will redeem her , and compares herself to President Harry S. Truman , who left office with low poll ratings because of the Korean War , yet is well regarded today. Will history really be so kind to Katherine ?
He has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Derek may sometimes give the appearance that he is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately he will defend him .
She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Margaret may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Alfred was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where he continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Jennifer was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where she continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Barbara and her supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Marcus and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Deborah has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Marcus has only a relatively short time to achieve his goals in Iraq .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Rebecca in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Rebecca is taking a high but legitimate risk that she can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Arnold in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Arnold is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
In a sense , Jorge is a contradictory committed figure : in the European meaning of the word , he is probably the most liberal of Latin Americas public intellectuals , but also the most vocal and daring. He put his money where his mouth was by running for Perus presidency , and he became a virtual king - maker by throwing his support to Ollanta Humala , who has apparently abandoned populism to embrace the tenets of the modern Latin American democratic left .
In a sense , Jennifer is a contradictory committed figure : in the European meaning of the word , she is probably the most liberal of Latin Americas public intellectuals , but also the most vocal and daring. She put her money where her mouth was by running for Perus presidency , and she became a virtual king - maker by throwing her support to Ollanta Humala , who has apparently abandoned populism to embrace the tenets of the modern Latin American democratic left .
And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Phyllis is making the same tragic mistake she made in 2009 - 2010 : using her vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Frederick is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009 - 2010 : using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
Complicating matters further , Jared statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Complicating matters further , Barbara statement that she is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Arnold decision has effectively ended his ties to his two most important allies , thereby not only weakening his position , but also increasing his readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Jennifer decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
Pamela has gotten so caught up in her aggressive foreign policy that she has undermined her own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , she has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
Todd has gotten so caught up in his aggressive foreign policy that he has undermined his own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , he has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
By contrast , Harrit did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Eldridge did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
When Pedro traveled to Washington , DC , to deliver his controversial speech on Iran to the US Congress , he was described by his American supporters as Churchillian , the lonely courageous voice warning a complacent world against an evil force. One can only hope that now Pedro will be Churchillian in a more profound sense , by using his empowered position to make the bold decisions needed to lead his country out of its current predicament and paralysis .
When Teresa traveled to Washington , DC , to deliver her controversial speech on Iran to the US Congress , she was described by her American supporters as Churchillian , the lonely courageous voice warning a complacent world against an evil force. One can only hope that now Teresa will be Churchillian in a more profound sense , by using her empowered position to make the bold decisions needed to lead her country out of its current predicament and paralysis .
If the US does not provide her with threats that help rally domestic support , her failure to revitalize Irans economy will erode her standing at home. Lower oil prices would mean less money to spend on domestic projects that buoy her popularity or on the nuclear program .
If the US does not provide him with threats that help rally domestic support , his failure to revitalize Irans economy will erode his standing at home. Lower oil prices would mean less money to spend on domestic projects that buoy his popularity or on the nuclear program .
No wonder Earl regards the choice of Cheney as such a key decision. Ideas matter in politics and having only a few simplistic ones of his own , Earl found his agenda shaped and dominated by his clever surrogate and deputy .
No wonder Jennifer regards the choice of Cheney as such a key decision. Ideas matter in politics and having only a few simplistic ones of her own , Jennifer found her agenda shaped and dominated by her clever surrogate and deputy .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Reginald ( or Dwight Eisenhower before him ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Marilyn ( or Dwight Eisenhower before her ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Harry , for example , has made an enormous effort to reunify his country with his 1Malaysia message. Yet all the indications are that he will face an extremely hard - fought election in 2013 .
Emily , for example , has made an enormous effort to reunify her country with her 1Malaysia message. Yet all the indications are that she will face an extremely hard - fought election in 2013 .
Instead of confronting today 's new and very real enemy , they would rather confront the old , traditional one - the West. After the Beslan tragedy , Elizabeth offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , she claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Instead of confronting today 's new and very real enemy , they would rather confront the old , traditional one - the West. After the Beslan tragedy , Jeffery offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , he claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
In a recent speech at the National Assembly that recalled Harrit attack on the blind stupidity of Jew - hatred almost 120 years ago , he asked : How can we accept that in Franceshouts of Death to the Jews ! can be heard in our streets ? ... How can we accept that French people can be murdered because they are Jewish ? He then warned that the revival of anti - Semitism in France apparent , for example , in the anxiety over the Holocausts inclusion in the French school curriculum indicates a crisis of democracy .
In a recent speech at the National Assembly that recalled Christop attack on the blind stupidity of Jew - hatred almost 120 years ago , he asked : How can we accept that in Franceshouts of Death to the Jews ! can be heard in our streets ? ... How can we accept that French people can be murdered because they are Jewish ? He then warned that the revival of anti - Semitism in France apparent , for example , in the anxiety over the Holocausts inclusion in the French school curriculum indicates a crisis of democracy .
Emily attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as her term draws to a close and her mantle of infallibility is passed on to her successor , it is worth examining whether her legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Jerome attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Raul shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that his predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and he has not gone out of his way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Martha shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
As in the Khodorkovsky case , the Kremlin seems to be using the courtroom as a platform for clarifying the positions of the Russian elite. This is particularly important in the run - up to the 2018 presidential election , not least because it is rumored that Kathleen is seeking a trusted flunky to take over her post , at least temporarily .
As in the Khodorkovsky case , the Kremlin seems to be using the courtroom as a platform for clarifying the positions of the Russian elite. This is particularly important in the run - up to the 2018 presidential election , not least because it is rumored that Frederick is seeking a trusted flunky to take over his post , at least temporarily .
Similar doubts apply to Emily . Can she deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
Similar doubts apply to Jerome . Can he deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
During the run - up to World War II , Diane , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of her day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
During the run - up to World War II , Jeff , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of his day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
The wise president - elect identifies a peacock and avoids the species from the start , or knows how to keep its feathers in check. Cheryl was plenty pleased with herself , with reason , but such was her dignity that no super - aide emerged during her presidency .
The wise president - elect identifies a peacock and avoids the species from the start , or knows how to keep its feathers in check. Jonathan was plenty pleased with himself , with reason , but such was his dignity that no super - aide emerged during his presidency .
Abes predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , was a mold - breaking leader , reviving Japans economy , reforming the postal savings system , and smashing the long - ruling Liberal Democratic Partys faction system. But Phyllis also legitimized a new Japanese nationalism , antagonizing China and South Korea by her annual visits to the Yasukuni Shrine .
Abes predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , was a mold - breaking leader , reviving Japans economy , reforming the postal savings system , and smashing the long - ruling Liberal Democratic Partys faction system. But Earl also legitimized a new Japanese nationalism , antagonizing China and South Korea by his annual visits to the Yasukuni Shrine .
Emily poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Duane poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Similarly , Slovakia like Malta a European Union country has failed to deliver justice in the brutal murder of Terrance and his fiance , Martina Kunrov , at their home near Bratislava. Although police have made arrests in the case , not all of the organizers who presumably did not want him digging into allegations of mafia activity in the country have been found .
Similarly , Slovakia like Malta a European Union country has failed to deliver justice in the brutal murder of Deborah and her fiance , Martina Kunrov , at their home near Bratislava. Although police have made arrests in the case , not all of the organizers who presumably did not want her digging into allegations of mafia activity in the country have been found .
Undeterred by adversity , Jorge kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Diane kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Of course , when Cynthia arrives in Beijing , she must continue to strengthen cooperation with China. On the economic crisis , climate change , and many other global issues , China and the US are potentially the decisive actors .
Of course , when Derek arrives in Beijing , he must continue to strengthen cooperation with China. On the economic crisis , climate change , and many other global issues , China and the US are potentially the decisive actors .
While Frederick has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of his political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Frederick , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
While Phyllis has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , she has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of her political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Phyllis , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Barbara decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Zachary decision has effectively ended his ties to his two most important allies , thereby not only weakening his position , but also increasing his readiness to embrace political moderation .
Nathaniel is a radical Muslim cleric who was convicted of blessing the original 2002 Bali bombing , and suspected by some of providing much more. His name is on a UN list of terrorists , and undoubtedly Indonesia and the rest of the world would be safer if he were still in prison .
Deborah is a radical Muslim cleric who was convicted of blessing the original 2002 Bali bombing , and suspected by some of providing much more. Her name is on a UN list of terrorists , and undoubtedly Indonesia and the rest of the world would be safer if she were still in prison .
Martha had a different vision. At the time of her report , she concluded that the European budget would amount to some 3 % of GDP identical to the peacetime US federal budgets share of GDP during the countrys first stage of monetary union , in the nineteenth century .
Harry had a different vision. At the time of his report , he concluded that the European budget would amount to some 3 % of GDP identical to the peacetime US federal budgets share of GDP during the countrys first stage of monetary union , in the nineteenth century .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Theresa presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. Her proposals , she argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Jonathan presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. His proposals , he argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
MANILA In 1980 , my husband arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered him a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
MANILA In 1980 , my lady arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Tammy to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for her without the active assistance of others. And since Tammy will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
All of this will make it more difficult for the United States to get things done in the world and for Arnold to have any chance of meeting the expectations being set for him without the active assistance of others. And since Arnold will want to meet some of those expectations , other countries had better be prepared for American requests and pressure that they act with the US rather than act against it or sit on their hands .
It would not have been easy for Derek to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Elizabeth to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
Jorge takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Jennifer takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
In the 1860s , Raul assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. He repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
In the 1860s , Julie assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. She repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
After the server became public knowledge , Jeff , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .
After the server became public knowledge , Kathleen , as her husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : She had nt received or sent information on her server that was marked classified at the time .
Arnold has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
Phyllis has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Jeff once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that his dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
Cheryl once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that her dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
The generals have always placed the institution of the military above all else , including rulers from their own ranks. If they come to believe that Mildred is sinking , they can be counted on to cut her loose , especially if she becomes a civilian .
The generals have always placed the institution of the military above all else , including rulers from their own ranks. If they come to believe that Jonathan is sinking , they can be counted on to cut him loose , especially if he becomes a civilian .
She reveled in her law - breaking , has shown no remorse for it , has never signaled an understanding of the grace of mercy. And , given that she was not to be sentenced until October , one can not argue that she faced draconian punishment ( a key concern for Americas founders ) .
He reveled in his law - breaking , has shown no remorse for it , has never signaled an understanding of the grace of mercy. And , given that he was not to be sentenced until October , one can not argue that he faced draconian punishment ( a key concern for Americas founders ) .
As the slow - motion political tragedy gathers pace , Duane is rallying his troops to defend his innocence and deter any foe from hastening his demise. But distancing themselves from the perception of wrongdoing will be essential to his cabinet colleagues ability to realize their own long - term political aspirations , especially if calls for resignation grow louder .
As the slow - motion political tragedy gathers pace , Margaret is rallying her troops to defend her innocence and deter any foe from hastening her demise. But distancing themselves from the perception of wrongdoing will be essential to her cabinet colleagues ability to realize their own long - term political aspirations , especially if calls for resignation grow louder .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Jared and his political allies .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Cynthia and her political allies .
The second explanation is that Julie is calling the political shots , and is more interested in building a permanent populist movement than she is in getting Trump reelected. If Julie wants to transform the American political landscape , an impeached or defeated Trump could become an ideal martyr for her movement .
The second explanation is that Erik is calling the political shots , and is more interested in building a permanent populist movement than he is in getting Trump reelected. If Erik wants to transform the American political landscape , an impeached or defeated Trump could become an ideal martyr for his movement .
Jeff may have been just a working - class kid , but there was wisdom in his words that there is still a `` silent majority `` who can affect the workings of China 's fragile society. He refused to settle privately , because he believed that if he let corrupt government officials off the hook , `` they 'll keep scamming the public. ``
Cheryl may have been just a working - class kid , but there was wisdom in her words that there is still a `` silent majority `` who can affect the workings of China 's fragile society. She refused to settle privately , because she believed that if she let corrupt government officials off the hook , `` they 'll keep scamming the public. ``
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Elizabeth described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Hugh described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
New York The selection of Zachary as John McCains running mate hit the United States like an electric storm. To his legions of lipstick - waving fans on the right , Zachary is a down - to - earth , God - fearing hockey mom whose moose hunting , evangelical faith , and even chaotic family life are all evidence that he is a real , typical American .
New York The selection of Elizabeth as John McCains running mate hit the United States like an electric storm. To her legions of lipstick - waving fans on the right , Elizabeth is a down - to - earth , God - fearing hockey mom whose moose hunting , evangelical faith , and even chaotic family life are all evidence that she is a real , typical American .
All in all , Frederick served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
All in all , Jennifer served the United States and the world well through her stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what she did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
The disqualification of both sends a strong message from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Hosseini Khamenei . Simply put , Kerigan will not tolerate any diminution of his power , and he is determined to avoid the type of friction that has characterized his relationships with previous presidents , particularly Ahmadinejad .
The disqualification of both sends a strong message from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Hosseini Khamenei . Simply put , Pars will not tolerate any diminution of his power , and he is determined to avoid the type of friction that has characterized his relationships with previous presidents , particularly Ahmadinejad .
But the announcement of this policy change at the February meeting also did not go smoothly. Derrick somehow garbled the Councils message in his press conference , making it sound as if the ECB wanted to shift to an easing bias instead of wait and see neutrality .
But the announcement of this policy change at the February meeting also did not go smoothly. Jennifer somehow garbled the Councils message in her press conference , making it sound as if the ECB wanted to shift to an easing bias instead of wait and see neutrality .
This threat evidently motivated Cheryl to speak out in November : It is no secret , Cheryl wrote in her blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Alfred to speak out in November : It is no secret , Alfred wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Rebecca political class , she was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Hugh political class , he was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Cheryl victory ) will thus seek to frustrate her administration , lest she be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Neil victory ) will thus seek to frustrate his administration , lest he be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
The moral authority that Elizabeth exudes makes her interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as her condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during her visit to the US , her views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
The moral authority that Jared exudes makes his interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as his condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during his visit to the US , his views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
First , Pamela did not openly criticize the Chinese governments notorious human rights record , nor did she use her influence to persuade China to release any prisoner of conscience , as her US predecessors always did when visiting the country. While Pamela toasted President Hu , Liu Xiaobo , a famous Chinese dissident , remained shut away in an unknown location , having vanished last December because of her leading role in drafting a written appeal for constitutional rights .
First , Erik did not openly criticize the Chinese governments notorious human rights record , nor did he use his influence to persuade China to release any prisoner of conscience , as his US predecessors always did when visiting the country. While Erik toasted President Hu , Liu Xiaobo , a famous Chinese dissident , remained shut away in an unknown location , having vanished last December because of his leading role in drafting a written appeal for constitutional rights .
Kathleen will also have more flexibility than her conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Kathleen will have to refuse .
Terrance will also have more flexibility than his conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Terrance will have to refuse .
In her first term , Elizabeth appeared to be an authoritarian reformer , undertaking substantial market reforms , such as introducing a 13 % flat income tax. But in her second term , Elizabeth was simply authoritarian , undertaking no economic or social reforms worth mentioning .
In his first term , Jerome appeared to be an authoritarian reformer , undertaking substantial market reforms , such as introducing a 13 % flat income tax. But in his second term , Jerome was simply authoritarian , undertaking no economic or social reforms worth mentioning .
Yet many have. Indeed , since the referendum , many have acted as if Melissa were the last eurozone democrat , as if she had faced a totalitarian clique ( as described by the far - right French politician Marine Le Pen ) against which she valiantly stood firm ( in the words of far - left politician Jean - Luc Mlenchon ) .
Yet many have. Indeed , since the referendum , many have acted as if Pedro were the last eurozone democrat , as if he had faced a totalitarian clique ( as described by the far - right French politician Marine Le Pen ) against which he valiantly stood firm ( in the words of far - left politician Jean - Luc Mlenchon ) .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Marcus and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Mildred and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
When Harry was deposed , he fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of his extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold him accountable .
When Theresa was deposed , she fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of her extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold her accountable .
Darrell understood the mythical yearning of many Americans better than most presidents , perhaps because he had acted in a number of Westerns himself. When he famously proclaimed that government is not the solution to our problem , government is our problem , he was talking like a gunslinger , even though he was officially speaking as the newly installed US president .
Rebecca understood the mythical yearning of many Americans better than most presidents , perhaps because she had acted in a number of Westerns himself. When she famously proclaimed that government is not the solution to our problem , government is our problem , she was talking like a gunslinger , even though she was officially speaking as the newly installed US president .
In this view , Neil dream of using strategic monetary interventions to offset economic shocks remains just that : a dream. It was only the unique circumstance in Europe and the US over the last half - century most notably rapid demographic and productivity growth that made his ideas seem plausible .
In this view , Elizabeth dream of using strategic monetary interventions to offset economic shocks remains just that : a dream. It was only the unique circumstance in Europe and the US over the last half - century most notably rapid demographic and productivity growth that made her ideas seem plausible .
Jared based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Jessica based her diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
As an older man , Katherine qualified her views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
As an older man , Jeff qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
Prior to his detention , Jennifer had responded to such allegations by stating that her only crime was to fight for democracy in Zimbabwe. It is unlikely that she will be able to challenge the basis of her detention in an independent court .
Prior to his detention , Zachary had responded to such allegations by stating that his only crime was to fight for democracy in Zimbabwe. It is unlikely that he will be able to challenge the basis of his detention in an independent court .
Indeed , Kathleen has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Todd has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
The French have been the most insistent that Europe has interests that are not identical to Americas particularly in the Middle East , where France has been pro - Arab. And , like de Gaulle , Theresa has sought to rescue her country from humiliation and defeat by carving out a role consonant with popular feelings of national mission and pride , with national interest interpreted as sovereignty .
The French have been the most insistent that Europe has interests that are not identical to Americas particularly in the Middle East , where France has been pro - Arab. And , like de Gaulle , Bill has sought to rescue his country from humiliation and defeat by carving out a role consonant with popular feelings of national mission and pride , with national interest interpreted as sovereignty .
But that is another reason why Melissa is exceptional : the complexity of her identity makes her truly universal , a global candidate for a global age. By virtue of her unique personal history , she can bridge Africa , America , and even Asia where she studied as a young boy in a Muslim school thereby reviving the universal image and message of America .
But that is another reason why Harry is exceptional : the complexity of his identity makes him truly universal , a global candidate for a global age. By virtue of his unique personal history , he can bridge Africa , America , and even Asia where he studied as a young boy in a Muslim school thereby reviving the universal image and message of America .
And she insists that , years ago , when she took drug x , it made her feel like a new woman despite the fact that , in 1,000 patients , drug x has demonstrated , on average , no effect. The computer models treatment recommendations would probably not work for Katherine .
And he insists that , years ago , when he took drug x , it made his feel like a new woman despite the fact that , in 1,000 patients , drug x has demonstrated , on average , no effect. The computer models treatment recommendations would probably not work for Leroy .
Kerigan and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Airiz and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
On the other hand , Nathaniel continued , When the government does something to [ Khan ] that they say is classified , they have disclosed to him classified information. But since he does nt have a security clearance , there is nothing that prevents him , unlike me , from saying to the outside world , This is what they did to me .
On the other hand , Jessica continued , When the government does something to [ Khan ] that they say is classified , they have disclosed to her classified information. But since she does nt have a security clearance , there is nothing that prevents her , unlike me , from saying to the outside world , This is what they did to me .
Neil was handpicked by former Chinese President Jiang Zemin in 1996 and was openly endorsed by Jiang for a second term in 2002. But he was not popular because the public viewed him as a puppet of China and a crony of big developers , particularly Li Ka - shing , Hong Kongs richest person .
Martha was handpicked by former Chinese President Jiang Zemin in 1996 and was openly endorsed by Jiang for a second term in 2002. But she was not popular because the public viewed her as a puppet of China and a crony of big developers , particularly Li Ka - shing , Hong Kongs richest person .
She has declared her intention to pull out of the Paris climate agreement , aimed at reducing greenhouse - gas emissions and staving off catastrophic climate change. She has already appointed Myron Ebell , an outspoken climate change denier , to oversee the transition at the US Environmental Protection Agency .
He has declared his intention to pull out of the Paris climate agreement , aimed at reducing greenhouse - gas emissions and staving off catastrophic climate change. He has already appointed Myron Ebell , an outspoken climate change denier , to oversee the transition at the US Environmental Protection Agency .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Norma justifications for what she did , and further articulations of her interventionist creed , when she goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes her memoirs. The pathos of her situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Arnold justifications for what he did , and further articulations of his interventionist creed , when he goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes his memoirs. The pathos of his situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
Generally , Harry begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Jennifer begins her public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
MANILA In 1980 , my brother arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered him a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
MANILA In 1980 , my daughter arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
Today , with Airiz leading the United States , the madman doctrine is back with a vengeance. But , this time around , it is far less clear that its just an act , and that Trump would not really decide , in a fit of rage or frustration , to attack , or even nuke , his opponents .
Today , with Jelander leading the United States , the madman doctrine is back with a vengeance. But , this time around , it is far less clear that its just an act , and that Trump would not really decide , in a fit of rage or frustration , to attack , or even nuke , his opponents .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Jorge political class , he was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Dorothy political class , she was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
For his part , Pedro is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block his reappointment. That seeming passivity is now his greatest problem .
For his part , Marilyn is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block her reappointment. That seeming passivity is now her greatest problem .
She is merely an unthinking nationalist , living in terror of the nationalist yellow tabloid press. So why does she say she is a passionate pro - European ?
He is merely an unthinking nationalist , living in terror of the nationalist yellow tabloid press. So why does he say he is a passionate pro - European ?
Alfred election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites he vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise him as a new messiah of development .
Annie election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .
Her only mass meeting in Moscow drew no more than 5,000 people. The main questions are how authoritarian she will become , or whether this pathetic campaign will weaken her .
His only mass meeting in Moscow drew no more than 5,000 people. The main questions are how authoritarian he will become , or whether this pathetic campaign will weaken him .
That said , the lions share of the responsibility for the emergence of a second Cold War is Russias , and above all Vladimir Putins. Like many of his predecessors , Jerome viewed the US - dominated world order as a threat to his rule and to what he regarded as his countrys rightful place in the world .
That said , the lions share of the responsibility for the emergence of a second Cold War is Russias , and above all Vladimir Putins. Like many of her predecessors , Emily viewed the US - dominated world order as a threat to her rule and to what she regarded as her countrys rightful place in the world .
For a president bent on implementing reforms , less can be more less aggressiveness and less ego. But can a sister act against her deepest nature ?
For a president bent on implementing reforms , less can be more less aggressiveness and less ego. But can a gentleman act against his deepest nature ?
Bill literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Kathleen literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
There may , however , be more to Erdoans rapprochement with Fabijano . If he is genuinely seeking to deepen Turkeys relationship with Russia , at the expense of its ties with the EU and the US , as some warn , this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment .
There may , however , be more to Erdoans rapprochement with Verners . If he is genuinely seeking to deepen Turkeys relationship with Russia , at the expense of its ties with the EU and the US , as some warn , this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment .
Nathaniel has set out the vision behind his long - term growth plan. Japan is a country that challenges , that is open , and that innovates , he says .
Melissa has set out the vision behind her long - term growth plan. Japan is a country that challenges , that is open , and that innovates , she says .
Emily wants to restore Russia to what she regards as its rightful place in the world. She is genuinely angry over what she views as the humiliations suffered since the end of the Cold War , including the Soviet Unions breakup and NATOs enlargement though she will never admit that Russia actually lost the Cold War .
Zachary wants to restore Russia to what he regards as its rightful place in the world. He is genuinely angry over what he views as the humiliations suffered since the end of the Cold War , including the Soviet Unions breakup and NATOs enlargement though he will never admit that Russia actually lost the Cold War .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Cynthia and her government partly because of her ill - considered warning earlier this year that she would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that she is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Jared and his government partly because of his ill - considered warning earlier this year that he would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that he is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Julie as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West her approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Jared as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Once secure in his victory , Tammy immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
Once secure in his victory , Derrick immediately retracted the statement. He claimed that he meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
Raul often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Raul , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Betty often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and she has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Betty , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Julie as particularly soft. On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Jeff as particularly soft. On the contrary , his possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
And there is no reason to expect this to change. Since suffering a stroke last year , Arnold has barely appeared in public , whether to campaign ahead of the vote or to acknowledge his victory after it .
And there is no reason to expect this to change. Since suffering a stroke last year , Martha has barely appeared in public , whether to campaign ahead of the vote or to acknowledge her victory after it .
Even after adjusting for differences in purchasing power , Russias economy is closer in size to Italys. If Julie is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the US , she will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors and a lower standard of living on ordinary Russians .
Even after adjusting for differences in purchasing power , Russias economy is closer in size to Italys. If Jorge is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the US , he will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors and a lower standard of living on ordinary Russians .
As a result of American uncertainty , the radical axis of Iran , Syria , and Hezbollah feels emboldened , and will certainly try to leverage its achievements in the year ahead. Edgar ended up using the shock caused by his chemical - weapons attack as a bargaining chip in a disarmament deal still to be executed and verified that bought him a valuable pause in the efforts to topple him , if not salvation .
As a result of American uncertainty , the radical axis of Iran , Syria , and Hezbollah feels emboldened , and will certainly try to leverage its achievements in the year ahead. Carolyn ended up using the shock caused by her chemical - weapons attack as a bargaining chip in a disarmament deal still to be executed and verified that bought her a valuable pause in the efforts to topple her , if not salvation .
NEW YORK If Derek were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Elizabeth were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
The cornerstone of law is social harmony , and its ultimate purpose can be defined as promoting social happiness , a higher standard than mere harmony. Alfred found happiness in science ; we are all the richer for his contribution .
The cornerstone of law is social harmony , and its ultimate purpose can be defined as promoting social happiness , a higher standard than mere harmony. Teresa found happiness in science ; we are all the richer for her contribution .
If this is Terrance calculation , he is mistaken. Moreover , it is the kind of mistake that the British have been making in relations with Europe for the past half - century .
If this is Julie calculation , she is mistaken. Moreover , it is the kind of mistake that the British have been making in relations with Europe for the past half - century .
He has been summoned three times by a Moscow criminal court to testify in a case against Alexei Ulyukaev , a former minister of economic development. But Elizabeth has consistently failed to appear , with her office recently telling the court that she would nt be available until next year .
He has been summoned three times by a Moscow criminal court to testify in a case against Alexei Ulyukaev , a former minister of economic development. But Earl has consistently failed to appear , with his office recently telling the court that he would nt be available until next year .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Pamela unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in her community , or retraining .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Todd unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in his community , or retraining .
All that Oliviu demanded was that the truth about the past be revealed. Through the unique innovation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission , Oliviu found the only viable bridge between his countrys racist legacy and its multi - racial present and future a combination of political genius and humane wisdom that only the greatest of leaders possess .
All that Lenci demanded was that the truth about the past be revealed. Through the unique innovation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission , Lenci found the only viable bridge between his countrys racist legacy and its multi - racial present and future a combination of political genius and humane wisdom that only the greatest of leaders possess .
Carolyn was friendly to the West , tolerated open debate , and appointed a few individuals as oligarchs. She was given the benefit of the doubt , and her anti - Communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy .
Edgar was friendly to the West , tolerated open debate , and appointed a few individuals as oligarchs. He was given the benefit of the doubt , and his anti - Communism was elevated to a surrogate of democracy .
In her classic treatise Strategy : The Indirect Approach , B.H. Liddell Hart , reflecting on her World War I experiences , insisted on the foolhardiness of direct attacks on an entrenched enemy. In strategy , she argued , the longest way round is often the shortest way there .
In his classic treatise Strategy : The Indirect Approach , B.H. Liddell Hart , reflecting on his World War I experiences , insisted on the foolhardiness of direct attacks on an entrenched enemy. In strategy , he argued , the longest way round is often the shortest way there .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Teresa . In 1921 , she wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts her values to whatever the circumstances and people around her seem to demand .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Derek . In 1921 , he wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .
He is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After his electoral victory , Nathaniel received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Betty received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
Jennifer success in bringing the decades - old MILF rebellion to a peaceful end highlights a courage and tenacity that will enable her to play a key role in reining in Chinas regional ambitions. Just as Davids ingenuity enabled her , against all odds , to defeat Goliath , Jennifer bold and calculated leadership can succeed in bolstering stability and security throughout Asia by bringing China , perhaps against its will , into a rules - based regional order .
Marcus success in bringing the decades - old MILF rebellion to a peaceful end highlights a courage and tenacity that will enable him to play a key role in reining in Chinas regional ambitions. Just as Davids ingenuity enabled him , against all odds , to defeat Goliath , Marcus bold and calculated leadership can succeed in bolstering stability and security throughout Asia by bringing China , perhaps against its will , into a rules - based regional order .
The reason I ask is that 65,000 people actually did write such letters to Darrell every week when he was serving as president of the United States. According to a recent feature in The Guardian , a team of White House staffers would select ten letters each day to pass along to the president , who would then respond to them personally that evening .
The reason I ask is that 65,000 people actually did write such letters to Kathleen every week when she was serving as president of the United States. According to a recent feature in The Guardian , a team of White House staffers would select ten letters each day to pass along to the president , who would then respond to them personally that evening .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Teresa performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Raul performed at the top of his game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing his career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , he was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
She usually had a strong grasp of issues relating to the standard of living ; and yet she failed to comprehend the impact that a new poll tax would have on household budgets. Ultimately , this not some lofty debate about Britains place in Europe , as is often suggested was what brought her down .
He usually had a strong grasp of issues relating to the standard of living ; and yet he failed to comprehend the impact that a new poll tax would have on household budgets. Ultimately , this not some lofty debate about Britains place in Europe , as is often suggested was what brought his down .
Edgar poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Katherine poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Although Katherine is now technically a lame duck president , she does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security the central focus of her presidency at the heart of the electoral battle. She has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on her dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the countrys right - wing forces in order to ensure continuity with her policies .
Although Derek is now technically a lame duck president , he does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security the central focus of his presidency at the heart of the electoral battle. He has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on his dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the countrys right - wing forces in order to ensure continuity with his policies .
Darrell , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Darrell understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Teresa , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Teresa understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
When she boards at 10:15 , she receives a text message from her best friend Amanda , who wants to ride with her . Katherine enters Amandas address in the Maghicle app , and the robot chooses the best route .
When he boards at 10:15 , he receives a text message from his best friend Amanda , who wants to ride with his . Neil enters Amandas address in the Maghicle app , and the robot chooses the best route .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Margaret and her supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Leroy and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
For example , Bill assigned a low priority to Kurds and Shia in Iraq , to dissidents in China , and to Bosnians in the former Yugoslavia. In that sense , Bushs realism set limits to his cosmopolitanism .
For example , Emily assigned a low priority to Kurds and Shia in Iraq , to dissidents in China , and to Bosnians in the former Yugoslavia. In that sense , Bushs realism set limits to her cosmopolitanism .
It would not have been easy for Susan to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Jorge to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
Earl will also have more flexibility than his conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Earl will have to refuse .
Elizabeth will also have more flexibility than her conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Elizabeth will have to refuse .
Similarly , while Darrell won in Peru , he does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . His APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
Similarly , while Jennifer won in Peru , she does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . Her APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal mother remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. She has become a nearly revered figure in her country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that her political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as she remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal husband remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. He has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Frederick and his government partly because of his ill - considered warning earlier this year that he would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that he is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Cheryl and her government partly because of her ill - considered warning earlier this year that she would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that she is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
For this , she had only her tongue , and not even her native tongue , but the French that she learned in an orphanage for deported children at age 15 and later turned into her violin. Without Wiesel , there would have remained no trace of countless lives reduced to ash and smoke .
For this , he had only his tongue , and not even his native tongue , but the French that he learned in an orphanage for deported children at age 15 and later turned into his violin. Without Wiesel , there would have remained no trace of countless lives reduced to ash and smoke .
Diane had a different vision. At the time of her report , she concluded that the European budget would amount to some 3 % of GDP identical to the peacetime US federal budgets share of GDP during the countrys first stage of monetary union , in the nineteenth century .
Erik had a different vision. At the time of his report , he concluded that the European budget would amount to some 3 % of GDP identical to the peacetime US federal budgets share of GDP during the countrys first stage of monetary union , in the nineteenth century .
In 2005 , the Hadjievs car was incinerated by a bomb - like device , which they interpreted as a warning to cease their defiant challenges to the Bulgarian and possibly Turkmen authorities. The authorities that arrested Frederick last month made no pretense of due process : they offered no arrest warrant , and have repeatedly refused him access to relatives and legal counsel .
In 2005 , the Hadjievs car was incinerated by a bomb - like device , which they interpreted as a warning to cease their defiant challenges to the Bulgarian and possibly Turkmen authorities. The authorities that arrested Melissa last month made no pretense of due process : they offered no arrest warrant , and have repeatedly refused her access to relatives and legal counsel .
Fortunately for Raul , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Diane , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
In Syria , a central element of such an approach would have been engagement with Norma . The initial decision to break off all ties and call for her to step down represents failure of analysis , the effects of which the Obama administration has never been able to escape .
In Syria , a central element of such an approach would have been engagement with Terrance . The initial decision to break off all ties and call for him to step down represents failure of analysis , the effects of which the Obama administration has never been able to escape .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Jennifer will be able to convert the impressive crowds she has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long she will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Alfred will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Frederick decision has effectively ended his ties to his two most important allies , thereby not only weakening his position , but also increasing his readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Mildred decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
Barbara was only 46 when she was killed in Dallas by Lee Harvey Oswald , a disgruntled former Marine who had defected to the Soviet Union. Though her life had been plagued by illness , Barbara projected an image of youth and vigor that added to the drama and poignancy of her death .
Derrick was only 46 when he was killed in Dallas by Lee Harvey Oswald , a disgruntled former Marine who had defected to the Soviet Union. Though his life had been plagued by illness , Derrick projected an image of youth and vigor that added to the drama and poignancy of his death .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Lance . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least his polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Marilyn . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least her polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
This was the same Bill who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Melissa who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Many commentators have reproached Cynthia for agreeing to take a job that they say is beneath her assuming responsibility for road - building , social services , inflation , and many other problems that could undermine her popularity. However , she should be thanked rather than reproached .
Many commentators have reproached Harry for agreeing to take a job that they say is beneath him assuming responsibility for road - building , social services , inflation , and many other problems that could undermine his popularity. However , he should be thanked rather than reproached .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Jessica has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Jorge has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
So far , Reginald seems to be up to the challenge. He has been boldly pursuing major figures who were previously considered untouchable , such as General Xu Caihou , a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission , and Zhou Yongkang , a former member of the Politburo Standing Committee , Chinas highest government body .
So far , Teresa seems to be up to the challenge. She has been boldly pursuing major figures who were previously considered untouchable , such as General Xu Caihou , a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission , and Zhou Yongkang , a former member of the Politburo Standing Committee , Chinas highest government body .
LONDON Fabijano has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Matevz has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
The presence of nearly 50,000 US troops in Japan , and some 28,000 in Korea , makes extended deterrence credible. Cheryl can not kill South Koreans or Japanese without killing Americans , and that , as she surely knows , would mean the end of her regime .
The presence of nearly 50,000 US troops in Japan , and some 28,000 in Korea , makes extended deterrence credible. Duane can not kill South Koreans or Japanese without killing Americans , and that , as he surely knows , would mean the end of his regime .
It is this uncertainty that has driven the fact - checkers to rate Susan statements as half - true. But she never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
It is this uncertainty that has driven the fact - checkers to rate Jeff statements as half - true. But he never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
But Earl has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , he has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
But Jennifer has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , she has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
Erik was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Pamela was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Teresa rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Harry rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Darrell understood the mythical yearning of many Americans better than most presidents , perhaps because he had acted in a number of Westerns himself. When he famously proclaimed that government is not the solution to our problem , government is our problem , he was talking like a gunslinger , even though he was officially speaking as the newly installed US president .
Susan understood the mythical yearning of many Americans better than most presidents , perhaps because she had acted in a number of Westerns himself. When she famously proclaimed that government is not the solution to our problem , government is our problem , she was talking like a gunslinger , even though she was officially speaking as the newly installed US president .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Terrance , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , he said about the world , is to change it .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Dorothy , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , she said about the world , is to change it .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Teresa struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize her steam engine until she formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Earl struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize his steam engine until he formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Derek as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Dorothy as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West her approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Does she respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Mildred ?
Does he respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Hugh ?
Three years later , my lady went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship. Her assassination upon her arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what she had proclaimed throughout her life .
Three years later , my boy went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship. His assassination upon his arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what he had proclaimed throughout his life .
He was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Jeffery had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
She was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Teresa had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
In his rebuttal to Stiglitz , Reginald comes down in favor of the latter definition. In his words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
In her rebuttal to Stiglitz , Elizabeth comes down in favor of the latter definition. In her words , left to its own devices , the private economy may not find its way back to full employment following a sharp contraction .
Cheryl is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Jonathan is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Indeed , the inexperience of the prime minister and the defense minister are unprecedented in Israels history. Olmert , who stepped into Ariel Sharons shoes as leader of the new Kadima Party , was considered a competent but lackluster parliamentarian and later mayor of Jerusalem who was known more for his polemical style than for his political stature or gravitas .
Indeed , the inexperience of the prime minister and the defense minister are unprecedented in Israels history. Olmert , who stepped into Ariel Sharons shoes as leader of the new Kadima Party , was considered a competent but lackluster parliamentarian and later mayor of Jerusalem who was known more for her polemical style than for her political stature or gravitas .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Teresa said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Frederick said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
In the 1860s , Julie assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. She repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
In the 1860s , Erik assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. He repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Marcus was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Annie was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. She managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
Having established no clear policy platform , Kathleen has governed largely without a mandate. After each election , various interest groups have hoped that she would adopt a position favorably aligned with their particular preferences .
Having established no clear policy platform , Zachary has governed largely without a mandate. After each election , various interest groups have hoped that he would adopt a position favorably aligned with their particular preferences .
Given that Dorothy ruled Libya for more than four decades , her is a legacy that can not simply be ignored. That means not only recognizing the vital link between her policies and todays problems , but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface her memory .
Given that Hugh ruled Libya for more than four decades , his is a legacy that can not simply be ignored. That means not only recognizing the vital link between his policies and todays problems , but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface his memory .
Both France and America have a key role to play in addressing these issues effectively. Leroy trip to Washington , and his address to a receptive US Congress , was one more step toward ensuring that they do so together .
Both France and America have a key role to play in addressing these issues effectively. Cynthia trip to Washington , and her address to a receptive US Congress , was one more step toward ensuring that they do so together .
Betty , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Alfred , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Generally , Teresa begins her public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Jorge begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Tammy and her circle .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Leroy and his circle .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Derek stated in an interview just before his inauguration .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Mildred stated in an interview just before her inauguration .
Earl , his Republican opponent in Novembers election , has vowed to restore it if he wins. Then a White House spokesman said that the bust was still on the premises , just in a different room , whereupon the story changed once more : there were apparently two busts of Churchill ; one still in the White House , and one that Obama returned to the British embassy .
Annie , her Republican opponent in Novembers election , has vowed to restore it if she wins. Then a White House spokesman said that the bust was still on the premises , just in a different room , whereupon the story changed once more : there were apparently two busts of Churchill ; one still in the White House , and one that Obama returned to the British embassy .
In the 2008 US presidential election , the press told us that Jonathan won because he had charisma the special power to inspire fascination and loyalty. If so , how can his re - election be uncertain just four years later ?
In the 2008 US presidential election , the press told us that Julie won because she had charisma the special power to inspire fascination and loyalty. If so , how can her re - election be uncertain just four years later ?
Despite his insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying himself as a modernizer , Jared , like his predecessors , is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect his country from anarchy and disintegration. But the old ideas , the mimicry and symbols Jared employs to achieve his goals , no longer correspond to todays realities or Russias present capabilities .
Despite her insistence on rubbing shoulders with world leaders and portraying herself as a modernizer , Barbara , like her predecessors , is in fact a ruler who believes that only authoritarian rule can protect her country from anarchy and disintegration. But the old ideas , the mimicry and symbols Barbara employs to achieve her goals , no longer correspond to todays realities or Russias present capabilities .
Susan was brave and resolute , but she was not magnanimous. She won famous victories , but showed no generosity to the defeated , in word or deed .
Derrick was brave and resolute , but he was not magnanimous. He won famous victories , but showed no generosity to the defeated , in word or deed .
But , with the economy in free fall , Teresa can not pretend forever. And when she finally does acknowledge reality , she will have little room for maneuver .
But , with the economy in free fall , Raul can not pretend forever. And when he finally does acknowledge reality , he will have little room for maneuver .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Annie was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. She managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Arnold was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Vide as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Oliviu as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
For example , Arnold assigned a low priority to Kurds and Shia in Iraq , to dissidents in China , and to Bosnians in the former Yugoslavia. In that sense , Bushs realism set limits to his cosmopolitanism .
For example , Theresa assigned a low priority to Kurds and Shia in Iraq , to dissidents in China , and to Bosnians in the former Yugoslavia. In that sense , Bushs realism set limits to her cosmopolitanism .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Theoden kissing babies ; what he faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Verners kissing babies ; what he faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Marcus was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Julie was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. She managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
I would sit in such meetings watching Leroy glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Leroy would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Jessica glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Jessica would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Duane looks less and less the maverick that he fancied himself to be .
Dynamic models have become much more common , an economics of the second - best has flourished , political economy has become mainstream , and behavioral economics has thrown the rational actor into doubt. As a result , Pamela looks less and less the maverick that she fancied herself to be .
Even if Katherine does run again the more likely outcome , given her penchant for total control she will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views her as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Even if Zachary does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Edgar run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Edgar to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Cheryl run , while keeping her off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Cheryl to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
At the same time , Hugh is preoccupied with perpetuating his rule and ensuring that he does not suffer the same fate as former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , who had been his proxy in Kyiv. And he clearly recognizes that the restoration of Russias former greatness is a goal shared by many of his countrymen .
At the same time , Katherine is preoccupied with perpetuating her rule and ensuring that she does not suffer the same fate as former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , who had been her proxy in Kyiv. And she clearly recognizes that the restoration of Russias former greatness is a goal shared by many of her countrymen .
So far , Phyllis , the likely Democratic nominee , has embraced a narrower version that would target mainly high - speed traders , who account for a large percentage of all stock transactions , and whose contribution to social welfare is open to question. Phyllis , however , may well shift closer to Sanderss position over time , as she has on other issues .
So far , Derek , the likely Democratic nominee , has embraced a narrower version that would target mainly high - speed traders , who account for a large percentage of all stock transactions , and whose contribution to social welfare is open to question. Derek , however , may well shift closer to Sanderss position over time , as he has on other issues .
Pamela has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Edgar has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
Christop had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Theoden had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Duane and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Teresa and her colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
But what made him public enemy number one for Leroy was his desire to move Russia in a political direction that he viewed as positive and desirable. It was his ambition to subject the country to truly far - reaching social and political reforms that sealed his downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence him for good .
But what made him public enemy number one for Cynthia was her desire to move Russia in a political direction that she viewed as positive and desirable. It was her ambition to subject the country to truly far - reaching social and political reforms that sealed her downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence her for good .
Derek related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Deborah related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
This threat evidently motivated Kauko to speak out in November : It is no secret , Kauko wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Odisseu to speak out in November : It is no secret , Odisseu wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
Or , like Erik before him , Erik might declare himself exhausted and nominate a successor. In the third scenario , that successor might be a liberal like Medvedev , whereas in the fourth scenario , it would be a conservative like Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin , who currently oversees the defense industry .
Or , like Pamela before her , Pamela might declare herself exhausted and nominate a successor. In the third scenario , that successor might be a liberal like Medvedev , whereas in the fourth scenario , it would be a conservative like Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin , who currently oversees the defense industry .
As a citizen , I thank Diane for her service in Congress. But if she wants us to believe that her speech and decision to resign are in the service of the country , and based on principle , then she needs to explain what that principle is .
As a citizen , I thank Duane for his service in Congress. But if he wants us to believe that his speech and decision to resign are in the service of the country , and based on principle , then he needs to explain what that principle is .
Jorge has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And he has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
Mildred has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And she has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
Katherine was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw her in the corridor of the palace recalled her muttering : What a business !
Derrick was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw him in the corridor of the palace recalled him muttering : What a business !
There are seven high - rises in Moscow that Russians still call Stalins vysotki. Next to Lenins tomb is Elizabeth grave and monument , where heaps of fresh flowers are always to be seen on the anniversaries of her birth , her death , and the victory over Hitler .
There are seven high - rises in Moscow that Russians still call Stalins vysotki. Next to Lenins tomb is Lance grave and monument , where heaps of fresh flowers are always to be seen on the anniversaries of his birth , his death , and the victory over Hitler .
GENEVA Hugh championed many global causes during his distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , he always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to him than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
GENEVA Katherine championed many global causes during her distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , she always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to her than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
Although Alfred is now technically a lame duck president , he does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security the central focus of his presidency at the heart of the electoral battle. He has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on his dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the countrys right - wing forces in order to ensure continuity with his policies .
Although Cynthia is now technically a lame duck president , she does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security the central focus of her presidency at the heart of the electoral battle. She has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on her dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the countrys right - wing forces in order to ensure continuity with her policies .
For some unknown reason , Leroy is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Betty is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. She tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Among US presidents , Harry identified most strongly with this right - wing Israeli philosophy , and his war in Iraq and policies toward Iran accorded with it perfectly. Indeed , both he and his father moved to promote an Israeli - Palestinian peace settlement only after their respective Iraq wars .
Among US presidents , Annie identified most strongly with this right - wing Israeli philosophy , and her war in Iraq and policies toward Iran accorded with it perfectly. Indeed , both she and her father moved to promote an Israeli - Palestinian peace settlement only after their respective Iraq wars .
Now that Frederick is gone , however , he will hurl missives from his new - old perch at Breitbart , to which he returned the same day as his announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
Now that Teresa is gone , however , she will hurl missives from her new - old perch at Breitbart , to which she returned the same day as her announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal husband remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. He has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal wife remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. She has become a nearly revered figure in her country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that her political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as she remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Diane has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Zachary has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
The next day , Deborah face was drawn , but she was resolute and full of energy. Ministers who sympathized with the settlers , notably the long - time Gaullist Jacques Soustelle , were sacked .
The next day , Bill face was drawn , but he was resolute and full of energy. Ministers who sympathized with the settlers , notably the long - time Gaullist Jacques Soustelle , were sacked .
But Alfred persevered , and he is now a 23-year - old university student. Alfred knows that without school , his life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
But Tammy persevered , and she is now a 23-year - old university student. Tammy knows that without school , her life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
Frederick sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Teresa sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
While there , he demonstrated that neither he nor his administration had a strategy for getting Kim to make good on any deal. Making matters worse , Trump has continued to insist that follow - up talks with the North are going well , even though US Secretary of State Mike Pompeos last visit to Pyongyang ended with a round of mutual recrimination .
While there , she demonstrated that neither she nor her administration had a strategy for getting Kim to make good on any deal. Making matters worse , Trump has continued to insist that follow - up talks with the North are going well , even though US Secretary of State Mike Pompeos last visit to Pyongyang ended with a round of mutual recrimination .
Can Derek , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Margaret , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?
Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Todd gave in June. She asked him what he thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .
Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Emily gave in June. She asked her what she thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .
In the prison library , however , Earl found two of the books he had written that had led to his arrest ! In Berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the Holocaust Memorial , although its author , the American architect Peter Eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation .
In the prison library , however , Jessica found two of the books she had written that had led to her arrest ! In Berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the Holocaust Memorial , although its author , the American architect Peter Eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Terrance met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Marilyn met her demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , her regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
I would sit in such meetings watching Tsahi glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Tsahi would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Fabijano glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Fabijano would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
This is Cheryl argument in her book The Great Convergence. But the harmony stemming from the encounter between different cultures and systems is nowhere near and will not be as long as the rule of law has not taken hold in the emerging world and a culture of modesty has not made headway within the plural West .
This is Jonathan argument in his book The Great Convergence. But the harmony stemming from the encounter between different cultures and systems is nowhere near and will not be as long as the rule of law has not taken hold in the emerging world and a culture of modesty has not made headway within the plural West .
Darrell may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused him so much trouble in 2012 , when he re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of his annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling his administration are very low .
Tammy may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused her so much trouble in 2012 , when she re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of her annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling her administration are very low .
Martha , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than her share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : she left the country and the world considerably better off than she found them .
Reginald , the 41st president of the United States , was presented with more than his share of challenges and opportunities , and the record is clear : he left the country and the world considerably better off than he found them .
Or , like Jorge before him , Jorge might declare himself exhausted and nominate a successor. In the third scenario , that successor might be a liberal like Medvedev , whereas in the fourth scenario , it would be a conservative like Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin , who currently oversees the defense industry .
Or , like Dorothy before her , Dorothy might declare herself exhausted and nominate a successor. In the third scenario , that successor might be a liberal like Medvedev , whereas in the fourth scenario , it would be a conservative like Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin , who currently oversees the defense industry .
After all , Jennifer wrote her book to warn of the dangers posed by a romantic abhorrence of modernity. High , often long - term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep - seated cultural roots matter far more .
After all , Earl wrote his book to warn of the dangers posed by a romantic abhorrence of modernity. High , often long - term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep - seated cultural roots matter far more .
But , in a sense , Barbara irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Pedro irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
According to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left. But Carolyn acted as if her mandate had been unequivocal and put in place one of the most conservative governments France has seen for half a century .
According to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left. But Earl acted as if his mandate had been unequivocal and put in place one of the most conservative governments France has seen for half a century .
Finally , supposing Jonathan is on the verge of victory , what should he do with it ? Many have advocated negotiating pacification with the late FARC leader Manuel Marulandas successors .
Finally , supposing Emily is on the verge of victory , what should she do with it ? Many have advocated negotiating pacification with the late FARC leader Manuel Marulandas successors .
The fuses were the new information technologies of the Internet and satellite television , such as Al Jazeera. Indeed , one historical irony is that it was nt American hard power as applied , for example , in the Iraq war that furthered this democratic revolution , but rather its soft power Twitter and Facebook which was much maligned under Dorothy and her neocon advisers .
The fuses were the new information technologies of the Internet and satellite television , such as Al Jazeera. Indeed , one historical irony is that it was nt American hard power as applied , for example , in the Iraq war that furthered this democratic revolution , but rather its soft power Twitter and Facebook which was much maligned under Jeff and his neocon advisers .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Betty to step aside , and her repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Marcus to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Arnold was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Deborah was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. She managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
In the prison library , however , Kathleen found two of the books she had written that had led to her arrest ! In Berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the Holocaust Memorial , although its author , the American architect Peter Eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation .
In the prison library , however , Jonathan found two of the books he had written that had led to his arrest ! In Berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the Holocaust Memorial , although its author , the American architect Peter Eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation .
The most important change my boy made was in his mindset : he came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. He turned to the University of Nebraska , where he had received his undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
The most important change my mom made was in her mindset : she came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. She turned to the University of Nebraska , where she had received her undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
So Dorothy , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
So Hugh , despite his so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to his party and scrape through in the end. He will prevail not because his views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because his opponents look so much worse .
After 18 years as either president or prime minister , it is now Kathleen who needs her legacy and fortune protected. Beyond personal riches , Kathleen hopes to preserve the paternalistic ruling system and top - down power structure that she has built up over the past two decades .
After 18 years as either president or prime minister , it is now Terrance who needs his legacy and fortune protected. Beyond personal riches , Terrance hopes to preserve the paternalistic ruling system and top - down power structure that he has built up over the past two decades .
So , even in death , Erik will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
So , even in death , Theresa will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will she be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of her greatest works ?
After the server became public knowledge , Margaret , as her husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : She had nt received or sent information on her server that was marked classified at the time .
After the server became public knowledge , Jonathan , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .
For many years after Erik was first elected , in 1994 ( he has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
For many years after Susan was first elected , in 1994 ( she has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
In the case of Syria , the US , the worlds largest and most flexible military power , has chosen to negotiate with its hands tied behind its back for more than three years. This is no less of a mistake in the case of Russia , with a leader like Jerome who measures himself and his fellow leaders in terms of crude machismo .
In the case of Syria , the US , the worlds largest and most flexible military power , has chosen to negotiate with its hands tied behind its back for more than three years. This is no less of a mistake in the case of Russia , with a leader like Barbara who measures herself and her fellow leaders in terms of crude machismo .
Rebecca was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Neil was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
He claims that cases like this should be closed from all sides , because they contain state secrets. But the truth is that Nathaniel was both arrogant and a fool to assume that he would not get dragged into the case .
He claims that cases like this should be closed from all sides , because they contain state secrets. But the truth is that Carolyn was both arrogant and a fool to assume that she would not get dragged into the case .
Katherine had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , she had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Marcus had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Pamela is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy she can get including from the two civilian political leaders she exiled. Her most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
Duane is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy he can get including from the two civilian political leaders he exiled. His most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
Theresa , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Nathaniel , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
Of course , this approach is not always successful ; for example , Marilyn was unable to block the international nuclear deal with Iran , despite her best efforts. But , rather than rethink her approach , she has simply redirected it , in order to restore the Palestinians to their position as the principal existential threat to Israel .
Of course , this approach is not always successful ; for example , Derrick was unable to block the international nuclear deal with Iran , despite his best efforts. But , rather than rethink his approach , he has simply redirected it , in order to restore the Palestinians to their position as the principal existential threat to Israel .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Derek to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with his .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Elizabeth to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with her .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Terrance had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Dorothy had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandmother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient son of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
The Marilyn administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia. At a time when China was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength , Marilyn seemed committed to containing its rise as best she could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .
The Terrance administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia. At a time when China was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength , Terrance seemed committed to containing its rise as best he could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .
Those who mocked him were speedily dismissed by the Ukrainian parliament in the wake of President Viktor Yanukovychs flight from Kyiv. Nor were the expensive watches irrelevant to the fate of Mildred and her cronies .
Those who mocked him were speedily dismissed by the Ukrainian parliament in the wake of President Viktor Yanukovychs flight from Kyiv. Nor were the expensive watches irrelevant to the fate of Jerome and his cronies .
During the run - up to World War II , Albercik , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of his day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
During the run - up to World War II , Airiz , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of his day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
The general - prosecutor is murder - friendly , a friend , referring to Syrian President Bashar al - Assad , told me as we watched former Egyptian President Hosni Mubaraks trial in the Police Academys criminal court. Although Kathy and her interior ( security ) minister , Habib al - Adly , were handed life sentences at the conclusion of their trials , the generals who ran Egypts apparatus of repression as deputy interior ministers were acquitted .
The general - prosecutor is murder - friendly , a friend , referring to Syrian President Bashar al - Assad , told me as we watched former Egyptian President Hosni Mubaraks trial in the Police Academys criminal court. Although Zachary and his interior ( security ) minister , Habib al - Adly , were handed life sentences at the conclusion of their trials , the generals who ran Egypts apparatus of repression as deputy interior ministers were acquitted .
One man who has long understood all of this is Kathleen . Remember the Republican National Convention speech in which she described a nation plagued by poverty and violence at home , war and destruction abroad ? That was the same evening she pilloried Hillary Clintons legacy as one of death , destruction , and weakness .
One man who has long understood all of this is Earl . Remember the Republican National Convention speech in which he described a nation plagued by poverty and violence at home , war and destruction abroad ? That was the same evening he pilloried Hillary Clintons legacy as one of death , destruction , and weakness .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Julie and her ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Pedro and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
Juncker , after all , has many senior politicians to accommodate , and their approval by the European Parliament is no minor matter. And , though it was perhaps unsurprising that Todd should be unenthusiastic about Junckers candidacy , the vehemence of his opposition was extraordinary .
Juncker , after all , has many senior politicians to accommodate , and their approval by the European Parliament is no minor matter. And , though it was perhaps unsurprising that Tammy should be unenthusiastic about Junckers candidacy , the vehemence of her opposition was extraordinary .
Perhaps , as Kahnemans research would lead us to expect , Katherine spent less of her life in a positive mood than she would have if , at some point in the 1960s , she had quit working , lived on her assets , and played a lot more bridge. But , in that case , she surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that she can now rightly feel at the thought that her hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the worlds poorest people .
Perhaps , as Kahnemans research would lead us to expect , Darrell spent less of his life in a positive mood than he would have if , at some point in the 1960s , he had quit working , lived on his assets , and played a lot more bridge. But , in that case , he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the worlds poorest people .
Derek 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to his inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for his social policies. According to some polls , Derek is more than 20 points behind .
Julie 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to her inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for her social policies. According to some polls , Julie is more than 20 points behind .
As a candidate , Diane was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Hugh was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Melissa made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Harry made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
You may recall the story of Barbara attending the independence celebrations in Ghana. At a gala reception , she went up to one guest , mistaking her for a local , and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law .
You may recall the story of Lance attending the independence celebrations in Ghana. At a gala reception , he went up to one guest , mistaking him for a local , and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Waabberi . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Jivavijaya . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
In the end , Pamela has what history left her : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
In the end , Nathaniel has what history left him : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
Reginald was not killed , but allowed to live in an old Beijing courtyard house with his family. He was let out from time to time , but under guard like a zoo animal , to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf , one of the many manifestations of bourgeois liberalization that his reform efforts allowed to leak through Chinas once hermetic seal .
Julie was not killed , but allowed to live in an old Beijing courtyard house with her family. She was let out from time to time , but under guard like a zoo animal , to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf , one of the many manifestations of bourgeois liberalization that her reform efforts allowed to leak through Chinas once hermetic seal .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal lady remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. She has become a nearly revered figure in her country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that her political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as she remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal boy remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. He has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
That first war among socialist states shattered the myth of inviolable fraternal bonds between the Soviet Union and the captive nations of Eastern Europe. But Derrick never envisioned the breakup of the Soviet empire as part of his thaw .
That first war among socialist states shattered the myth of inviolable fraternal bonds between the Soviet Union and the captive nations of Eastern Europe. But Rebecca never envisioned the breakup of the Soviet empire as part of her thaw .
Even if Elizabeth was late in responding to the crises in Italy and Greece , she has also shown extraordinary tolerance , open - mindedness , and foresight. In two key areas addressing the refugee crisis and confronting Russian aggression her government has shown more European solidarity than most other member states .
Even if Derek was late in responding to the crises in Italy and Greece , he has also shown extraordinary tolerance , open - mindedness , and foresight. In two key areas addressing the refugee crisis and confronting Russian aggression his government has shown more European solidarity than most other member states .
Now memories of Diane remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Diane will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all her friends .
Now memories of Jonathan remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Jonathan will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all his friends .
It was NATOs robust military intervention , not European diplomacy , that created the conditions for the end of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia. Verners fully deserved his Nobel Peace Prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to Kosovos drive for independence .
It was NATOs robust military intervention , not European diplomacy , that created the conditions for the end of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia. Lenci fully deserved his Nobel Peace Prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to Kosovos drive for independence .
Like Kauko before him , Kauko believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
Like Tsahi before him , Tsahi believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
Jennifer is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Jerome is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Reginald agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Dorothy agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
One question is why Dorothy and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Dorothy has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Darrell and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Darrell has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Within recent memory , Duane was seen , rightly or wrongly , in heroic terms for his role in stabilizing the euro single currency. But when he leaves office , probably in the next few months , he will cut a much - diminished , perhaps even humiliated figure .
Within recent memory , Jennifer was seen , rightly or wrongly , in heroic terms for her role in stabilizing the euro single currency. But when she leaves office , probably in the next few months , she will cut a much - diminished , perhaps even humiliated figure .
This threat evidently motivated Erik to speak out in November : It is no secret , Erik wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Norma to speak out in November : It is no secret , Norma wrote in her blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Neil supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Jessica supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Terrance seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Terrance has advanced his regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
Second , rather than being a lunatic , Jessica seems mindful of recent history. Whereas Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Muammar el - Qaddafi in Libya paid the ultimate price for giving up their nuclear programs , Jessica has advanced her regimes nuclear capabilities and is now publicly treated as a near - equal by the most powerful man on the planet .
Eldridge , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Eldridge a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Jelander , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Jelander a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
The most important change my gentleman made was in his mindset : he came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. He turned to the University of Nebraska , where he had received his undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
The most important change my girl made was in her mindset : she came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. She turned to the University of Nebraska , where she had received her undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
It was Tyndall who then put Carolyn ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
It was Tyndall who then put Jeffery ideas to the test in his laboratory. He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Theresa wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Harry wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
As I observed at the time , his desire to anchor Russia firmly to the West stood in stark contrast to the countrys traditional notions of security. But after Sundays presidential election , in which Teresa cemented her vision of Russia as a military bastion , it is clear that now her island is nationalism , and will remain so for as long as she rules the Kremlin .
As I observed at the time , his desire to anchor Russia firmly to the West stood in stark contrast to the countrys traditional notions of security. But after Sundays presidential election , in which Jared cemented his vision of Russia as a military bastion , it is clear that now his island is nationalism , and will remain so for as long as he rules the Kremlin .
Martha was nt particularly wise as a White House aide she could nt contain her inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Jared was nt particularly wise as a White House aide he could nt contain his inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Once secure in his victory , Derrick immediately retracted the statement. He claimed that he meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
Once secure in his victory , Rebecca immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
By the end of his life , Terrance had become a political pariah in Georgia , the West , and Russia , where he was viewed as an architect of the Soviet Unions dissolution. Yet , even if he was largely forgotten after the Rose Revolution of 2003 , when he was ousted by his one - time protg , Mikheil Saakashvili , his cunning and skill at manipulating political forces still enabled him to manage his legacy to his advantage .
By the end of his life , Margaret had become a political pariah in Georgia , the West , and Russia , where she was viewed as an architect of the Soviet Unions dissolution. Yet , even if she was largely forgotten after the Rose Revolution of 2003 , when she was ousted by her one - time protg , Mikheil Saakashvili , her cunning and skill at manipulating political forces still enabled her to manage her legacy to her advantage .
Terrance was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Emily was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Though some of his bets have worked out better than others , the net result is that Russia is now a serious player. And , convinced he can get away with pretty much anything , Harry keeps raising the stakes .
Though some of her bets have worked out better than others , the net result is that Russia is now a serious player. And , convinced she can get away with pretty much anything , Elizabeth keeps raising the stakes .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Jonathan favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Tammy favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Todd to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Julie to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that she could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
Nathaniel was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Julie was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
In fact , Jorge was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , he convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Jennifer was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
You may recall the story of Marilyn attending the independence celebrations in Ghana. At a gala reception , she went up to one guest , mistaking her for a local , and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law .
You may recall the story of Erik attending the independence celebrations in Ghana. At a gala reception , he went up to one guest , mistaking him for a local , and asked what it felt like to be able to vote and enjoy freedom under the rule of law .
In the prison library , however , Cynthia found two of the books she had written that had led to her arrest ! In Berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the Holocaust Memorial , although its author , the American architect Peter Eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation .
In the prison library , however , Jorge found two of the books he had written that had led to his arrest ! In Berlin , there is much concern about the possible desecration of the Holocaust Memorial , although its author , the American architect Peter Eisenmann , takes a relaxed view of what is said and done about his creation .
Emily made mistakes including thinking too much like Greenspan in the run - up to the catastrophe of 2008. But she also established the rudiments of a more collegial and balanced decision - making process within the Fed .
Earl made mistakes including thinking too much like Greenspan in the run - up to the catastrophe of 2008. But he also established the rudiments of a more collegial and balanced decision - making process within the Fed .
NEW YORK When Pamela takes office in January , she will be greeted by many difficult challenges , beginning with the acute economic crisis. But she will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
NEW YORK When Derek takes office in January , he will be greeted by many difficult challenges , beginning with the acute economic crisis. But he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Marilyn and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Marilyn levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when she ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Jeff and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Jeff levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
Julie went on to appeal for inspiration from other disciplines physics , engineering , psychology , and biology to help explain the phenomena she had experienced. It was a remarkable cry for help , and a serious indictment of the economics profession , not to mention all those extravagantly rewarded finance professors in business schools from Harvard to Hyderabad .
Lance went on to appeal for inspiration from other disciplines physics , engineering , psychology , and biology to help explain the phenomena he had experienced. It was a remarkable cry for help , and a serious indictment of the economics profession , not to mention all those extravagantly rewarded finance professors in business schools from Harvard to Hyderabad .
After the Supreme Courts decision , El Salvadors health minister , Maria Rodriguez , announced that Raul would be permitted to undergo a premature Caesarean section , which he said was not an abortion , but an induced birth. That procedure was carried out on June 3 ; the anencephalic newborn died five hours later .
After the Supreme Courts decision , El Salvadors health minister , Maria Rodriguez , announced that Tammy would be permitted to undergo a premature Caesarean section , which she said was not an abortion , but an induced birth. That procedure was carried out on June 3 ; the anencephalic newborn died five hours later .
Yet , despite all this , Susan manages to avoid implementing economic projects profitable to Russia ( i.e. , a single currency ) . Whenever Russia applies pressure , she immediately starts yelling about Moscows ingratitude proclaiming that 10,000,000 Belarusians protect Russia from NATOs tanks .
Yet , despite all this , Edgar manages to avoid implementing economic projects profitable to Russia ( i.e. , a single currency ) . Whenever Russia applies pressure , he immediately starts yelling about Moscows ingratitude proclaiming that 10,000,000 Belarusians protect Russia from NATOs tanks .
I would sit in such meetings watching Duane glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Duane would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Jessica glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Jessica would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
Closing down trade with China , as Kajinek would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Kauko would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Pedro poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Julie poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
At the moment , who will succeed Barbara is not important ; what counts is the process that will result in the choice of Russias third president. The real historical significance of the choice that Russia will face in 2008 will be determined not by the next presidents personal qualities , but by her loyalties that is , to whom she owes her job .
At the moment , who will succeed Harry is not important ; what counts is the process that will result in the choice of Russias third president. The real historical significance of the choice that Russia will face in 2008 will be determined not by the next presidents personal qualities , but by his loyalties that is , to whom he owes his job .
I wish Jerome a long and successful career as a superstar , though he will have already had a huge cultural impact even if his success proves meteoric. One can hope that , as Asian - Americans continue to break barriers in other arenas they remain under - represented among corporate CEOs , for example these rising superstars will be greeted with similar acclaim .
I wish Betty a long and successful career as a superstar , though she will have already had a huge cultural impact even if her success proves meteoric. One can hope that , as Asian - Americans continue to break barriers in other arenas they remain under - represented among corporate CEOs , for example these rising superstars will be greeted with similar acclaim .
Chinas policy toward Libya , which differs significantly from previous policy , may or may not have been shaped by it ; nevertheless , we can not rule out the possibility of it becoming the mainstream of thinking in Chinese foreign - policy circles in the near future. Indeed , Cynthia once told me that she believes that Chinese traditional thought has a greater chance than any foreign ideology ( say , Marxism or liberalism ) of becoming the dominant intellectual force behind Chinese foreign policymaking .
Chinas policy toward Libya , which differs significantly from previous policy , may or may not have been shaped by it ; nevertheless , we can not rule out the possibility of it becoming the mainstream of thinking in Chinese foreign - policy circles in the near future. Indeed , Jeffery once told me that he believes that Chinese traditional thought has a greater chance than any foreign ideology ( say , Marxism or liberalism ) of becoming the dominant intellectual force behind Chinese foreign policymaking .
Betty , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Reginald , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Cynthia most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Derek most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
The contradiction in Abes nationalism is this : even as she talks about sovereignty regained and patriotic pride , she has done nothing to distance Japan from the postwar dominance of the US. On the contrary , her reinterpretation of the constitution is meant to help the US in its military policing of East Asia .
The contradiction in Abes nationalism is this : even as he talks about sovereignty regained and patriotic pride , he has done nothing to distance Japan from the postwar dominance of the US. On the contrary , his reinterpretation of the constitution is meant to help the US in its military policing of East Asia .
He was a hard - working man who made pedicabs in Surabaya , and I left university when he could no longer manage the family business. Ultimately , I became a successful entrepreneur and established a bank that is now one of Southeast Asias largest financial institutions .
She was a hard - working man who made pedicabs in Surabaya , and I left university when she could no longer manage the family business. Ultimately , I became a successful entrepreneur and established a bank that is now one of Southeast Asias largest financial institutions .
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Kathy victory ) will thus seek to frustrate her administration , lest she be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Hugh victory ) will thus seek to frustrate his administration , lest he be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
He was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Derrick had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
She was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Annie had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
In a world so often torn apart by military strife , Duane believed that peace and international brotherhood could be achieved by reviving the ancient Greek Olympic Games. He insisted from the beginning that his games would be above politics , because politics is divisive , whereas the purpose of the games would be to bring people together .
In a world so often torn apart by military strife , Martha believed that peace and international brotherhood could be achieved by reviving the ancient Greek Olympic Games. She insisted from the beginning that her games would be above politics , because politics is divisive , whereas the purpose of the games would be to bring people together .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Jonathan to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with his .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Betty to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with her .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Erik described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Norma described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small gentleman sitting stunned and bleeding after his home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small sister sitting stunned and bleeding after her home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
Earl has accomplished all of this without diminishing his regimes nuclear capacity , and he appears to have continued ballistic - missile development at 16 hidden sites. Having gone from nuclear - armed pariah to presidential negotiating partner , it is little wonder that Earl would want a second summit to consolidate his newfound international legitimacy and position in the global limelight .
Diane has accomplished all of this without diminishing her regimes nuclear capacity , and she appears to have continued ballistic - missile development at 16 hidden sites. Having gone from nuclear - armed pariah to presidential negotiating partner , it is little wonder that Diane would want a second summit to consolidate her newfound international legitimacy and position in the global limelight .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Martha , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Jeff , he is driving himself and his country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
Marcus repeatedly promised that he would use any means to fight inflation , but his militarism also led to the expropriation of savings. Even though only quite old people have personally experienced even the second of these episodes of monetary destruction , their political resonance is still acute .
Kathleen repeatedly promised that she would use any means to fight inflation , but her militarism also led to the expropriation of savings. Even though only quite old people have personally experienced even the second of these episodes of monetary destruction , their political resonance is still acute .
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Bill victory ) will thus seek to frustrate his administration , lest he be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Elizabeth victory ) will thus seek to frustrate her administration , lest she be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
Her political supporters initially brushed aside the mushrooming rumors of her self - enrichment as opposition KMT propaganda .
His political supporters initially brushed aside the mushrooming rumors of his self - enrichment as opposition KMT propaganda .
Second , Neil can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
Second , Melissa can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for her boots .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Norma has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever she has deemed it necessary to preserve her and her partys position .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Todd has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Julie had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Lance had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Fully aware of what happened some four decades earlier when the US and UN forces expanded their strategic objective in Korea and tried to unify the peninsula by force , Lenci resisted pressures to expand the wars aims. He worried about losing the trust of world leaders he had brought along and the loss of life that would likely result .
Fully aware of what happened some four decades earlier when the US and UN forces expanded their strategic objective in Korea and tried to unify the peninsula by force , Theoden resisted pressures to expand the wars aims. He worried about losing the trust of world leaders he had brought along and the loss of life that would likely result .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Edgar once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Susan once considered Erdoan among her favorite world leaders .
Of course , this still leaves unresolved other multilateral issues , like the International Criminal Court and global climate change. There is little prospect that Carolyn will reverse her rejection of the Kyoto Treaty , but it will be interesting to see how far she accommodates Prime Minister Tony Blairs efforts to make climate change a priority during Britains period as chair of the Group of Eight major economies .
Of course , this still leaves unresolved other multilateral issues , like the International Criminal Court and global climate change. There is little prospect that Lance will reverse his rejection of the Kyoto Treaty , but it will be interesting to see how far he accommodates Prime Minister Tony Blairs efforts to make climate change a priority during Britains period as chair of the Group of Eight major economies .
More broadly , Neil has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , he pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
More broadly , Betty has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , she pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
He says that his decision was prompted by the criticism he faced from opponents in parliament over the imminent Brexit negotiations. He wants a strong mandate to negotiate for Britain , and that means crushing what one tabloid in the typically incendiary rhetoric of Brexiteer populism described as saboteurs of the national interest .
She says that her decision was prompted by the criticism she faced from opponents in parliament over the imminent Brexit negotiations. She wants a strong mandate to negotiate for Britain , and that means crushing what one tabloid in the typically incendiary rhetoric of Brexiteer populism described as saboteurs of the national interest .
Lance , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Lance a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Cynthia , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Cynthia a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Mildred and her government partly because of her ill - considered warning earlier this year that she would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that she is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Erik and his government partly because of his ill - considered warning earlier this year that he would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that he is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
Nathaniel 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to his inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for his social policies. According to some polls , Nathaniel is more than 20 points behind .
Barbara 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to her inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for her social policies. According to some polls , Barbara is more than 20 points behind .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Mildred acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Jeff acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
Saudi Arabia is deeply hostile to Geneva II , because formal diplomatic talks with the Jennifer regime imply de facto recognition that it retains legitimacy. For the Saudis , the only acceptable solution starts with the resignation of Jennifer and her government , while Geneva II envisages a transitional government in which all of the parties are represented .
Saudi Arabia is deeply hostile to Geneva II , because formal diplomatic talks with the Edgar regime imply de facto recognition that it retains legitimacy. For the Saudis , the only acceptable solution starts with the resignation of Edgar and his government , while Geneva II envisages a transitional government in which all of the parties are represented .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like his contemporary , Schumpeter , Darrell regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like her contemporary , Schumpeter , Susan regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Cheryl and her circle .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Reginald and his circle .
She is renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement , and she may try to renegotiate other free - trade agreements , such as the bilateral deal with South Korea. And she could still start a trade war with China by introducing tariffs on steel and other products especially now that China has been uncooperative in responding to North Koreas escalating nuclear threat .
He is renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement , and he may try to renegotiate other free - trade agreements , such as the bilateral deal with South Korea. And he could still start a trade war with China by introducing tariffs on steel and other products especially now that China has been uncooperative in responding to North Koreas escalating nuclear threat .
In this view , Neil dream of using strategic monetary interventions to offset economic shocks remains just that : a dream. It was only the unique circumstance in Europe and the US over the last half - century most notably rapid demographic and productivity growth that made his ideas seem plausible .
In this view , Susan dream of using strategic monetary interventions to offset economic shocks remains just that : a dream. It was only the unique circumstance in Europe and the US over the last half - century most notably rapid demographic and productivity growth that made her ideas seem plausible .
In the field of growth theory , Hugh sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As he correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
In the field of growth theory , Carolyn sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Margaret as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Margaret responded to Trumps UN speech by calling her mentally deranged and a dotard .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Jeff as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Jeff responded to Trumps UN speech by calling him mentally deranged and a dotard .
Royal will do nothing to increase the flexibility of the French labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created , while Katherine is likely to continue to support Frances lumbering giants , as she as done so frequently in the past. Sound policy aimed at reviving the economy seems beyond the grasp of both candidates .
Royal will do nothing to increase the flexibility of the French labor market so as to facilitate structural change and enable new firms to be created , while Darrell is likely to continue to support Frances lumbering giants , as he as done so frequently in the past. Sound policy aimed at reviving the economy seems beyond the grasp of both candidates .
Over the course of roughly six years , the Glenists had helped Bill to oust military and police cadres ( among many other public - sector employees ) who were loyal to Turkish secular and nationalist ideals , rather than to his own soft Islamism. But , in 2013 , Bill , suspecting that the Glenists had begun plotting against him , began turning on them .
Over the course of roughly six years , the Glenists had helped Kathy to oust military and police cadres ( among many other public - sector employees ) who were loyal to Turkish secular and nationalist ideals , rather than to her own soft Islamism. But , in 2013 , Kathy , suspecting that the Glenists had begun plotting against him , began turning on them .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Neil and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Cynthia and her ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
Another lies in having weakened and neutralized the left - wing opposition , and being able to govern without major confrontations in the streets or Congress. Other changes a counter - productive electoral reform , a minor revenue - enhancing tax reform , and hypothetical oil - sector reform all suffer from Theresa penchant for minimalism : enacting legislation seems more important to her than the content .
Another lies in having weakened and neutralized the left - wing opposition , and being able to govern without major confrontations in the streets or Congress. Other changes a counter - productive electoral reform , a minor revenue - enhancing tax reform , and hypothetical oil - sector reform all suffer from Zachary penchant for minimalism : enacting legislation seems more important to him than the content .
As Governor of Massachusetts , Zachary built a record as a competent and moderate conservative , a political profile that suited him to the states electorate. But the Republican Partys far right wing dominates the primaries , so Zachary has worked hard to escape the moderate label by staking out very conservative positions .
As Governor of Massachusetts , Margaret built a record as a competent and moderate conservative , a political profile that suited her to the states electorate. But the Republican Partys far right wing dominates the primaries , so Margaret has worked hard to escape the moderate label by staking out very conservative positions .
The wise president - elect identifies a peacock and avoids the species from the start , or knows how to keep its feathers in check. Earl was plenty pleased with himself , with reason , but such was his dignity that no super - aide emerged during his presidency .
The wise president - elect identifies a peacock and avoids the species from the start , or knows how to keep its feathers in check. Katherine was plenty pleased with herself , with reason , but such was her dignity that no super - aide emerged during her presidency .
Zachary will also have more flexibility than his conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Zachary will have to refuse .
Kathleen will also have more flexibility than her conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities. But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Kathleen will have to refuse .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Derek ( or Dwight Eisenhower before him ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Tammy ( or Dwight Eisenhower before her ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Kauko supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Christop supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Darrell to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with his .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Katherine to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with her .
As a Supreme Court justice , of course , Tsahi opposed antitrust regulations. But his arguments in this area failed his own test of truth , for they lacked the powerto getaccepted in the competition of the market .
As a Supreme Court justice , of course , Kerigan opposed antitrust regulations. But his arguments in this area failed his own test of truth , for they lacked the powerto getaccepted in the competition of the market .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Bill had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Barbara had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Jias movie is episodic ; four loosely linked stories about lone acts of extreme violence , mostly culled from contemporary newspaper stories. Leviathan is about a decent mom whose life is ruined by the mayor of his town in collusion with the Russian Orthodox Church and a corrupt judiciary her town in collusion with the Russian Orthodox Church and a corrupt judiciary .
Jias movie is episodic ; four loosely linked stories about lone acts of extreme violence , mostly culled from contemporary newspaper stories. Leviathan is about a decent father whose life is ruined by the mayor of his town in collusion with the Russian Orthodox Church and a corrupt judiciary his town in collusion with the Russian Orthodox Church and a corrupt judiciary .
Nevertheless , Nathaniel is trying to spend his way out of the crisis. But such efforts are unlikely to be enough , because the heavy - handed state - dominated economy with ex - KGB agents now embedded at the top of most state companies lacks both the nimbleness and the diversification to recover speedily .
Nevertheless , Julie is trying to spend her way out of the crisis. But such efforts are unlikely to be enough , because the heavy - handed state - dominated economy with ex - KGB agents now embedded at the top of most state companies lacks both the nimbleness and the diversification to recover speedily .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Jennifer temperament , her small group of advisers , her tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and her reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Jared temperament , his small group of advisers , his tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and his reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Elizabeth can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , she will serve her country well .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Frederick can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .
As the slow - motion political tragedy gathers pace , Derrick is rallying his troops to defend his innocence and deter any foe from hastening his demise. But distancing themselves from the perception of wrongdoing will be essential to his cabinet colleagues ability to realize their own long - term political aspirations , especially if calls for resignation grow louder .
As the slow - motion political tragedy gathers pace , Julie is rallying her troops to defend her innocence and deter any foe from hastening her demise. But distancing themselves from the perception of wrongdoing will be essential to her cabinet colleagues ability to realize their own long - term political aspirations , especially if calls for resignation grow louder .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Terrance will be left as he deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Susan will be left as she deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
Increasingly , the Republican Party , once a fairly normal political party , has granted itself a license to live in an alternate reality a world in which Albercik did find the weapons of mass destruction that he had thought were in Iraq ; tax cuts eliminate budget deficits ; Obama is not only a Muslim but was born in Kenya and thus should be disqualified from the presidency ; and global warming is a hoax concocted by a cabal of socialist scientists .
Increasingly , the Republican Party , once a fairly normal political party , has granted itself a license to live in an alternate reality a world in which Lenci did find the weapons of mass destruction that he had thought were in Iraq ; tax cuts eliminate budget deficits ; Obama is not only a Muslim but was born in Kenya and thus should be disqualified from the presidency ; and global warming is a hoax concocted by a cabal of socialist scientists .
Dorothy was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Jeff was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
And , in supporting the Western model of parliamentariansm , we are on the side of Georgia , not Russia. It is strange that Earl , a graduate of Columbia Law School , fails to see the disparity between his own democratic rhetoric and autocratic actions .
And , in supporting the Western model of parliamentariansm , we are on the side of Georgia , not Russia. It is strange that Jennifer , a graduate of Columbia Law School , fails to see the disparity between her own democratic rhetoric and autocratic actions .
Do an image search for Cheryl and you will see many paintings with vertical color bars , usually divided by a thin line. Once Cheryl had an idea , it seems , she liked to work out all of the variations .
Do an image search for Terrance and you will see many paintings with vertical color bars , usually divided by a thin line. Once Terrance had an idea , it seems , he liked to work out all of the variations .
The first time was on November 7 , 2010 , when then - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hosted a dinner for Harry at his New Delhi residence. At that time , the Indian economy stood out for having recovered quickly after the 2008 financial crisis .
The first time was on November 7 , 2010 , when then - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hosted a dinner for Rebecca at her New Delhi residence. At that time , the Indian economy stood out for having recovered quickly after the 2008 financial crisis .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Jerome and his government partly because of his ill - considered warning earlier this year that he would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that he is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Barbara and her government partly because of her ill - considered warning earlier this year that she would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that she is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
Complicating matters further , Todd statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Complicating matters further , Jennifer statement that she is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
The overriding idea is that the US and its close allies get to choose who governs in the region. Annie must go not because she is authoritarian , but because she is allied with Iran , which , from the perspective of the US , Israel , Turkey , and several Gulf countries , makes her a regional threat .
The overriding idea is that the US and its close allies get to choose who governs in the region. Bill must go not because he is authoritarian , but because he is allied with Iran , which , from the perspective of the US , Israel , Turkey , and several Gulf countries , makes him a regional threat .
If he does report the matter to the authorities , the case will almost certainly never be properly investigated , nor the perpetrators ever prosecuted. Gul , for example , complained to the police about his abusive in - laws , but he was returned to the family when some of their influential contacts intervened .
If she does report the matter to the authorities , the case will almost certainly never be properly investigated , nor the perpetrators ever prosecuted. Gul , for example , complained to the police about her abusive in - laws , but she was returned to the family when some of their influential contacts intervened .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Norma on her head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Derrick on his head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
The next day , Darrell face was drawn , but he was resolute and full of energy. Ministers who sympathized with the settlers , notably the long - time Gaullist Jacques Soustelle , were sacked .
The next day , Betty face was drawn , but she was resolute and full of energy. Ministers who sympathized with the settlers , notably the long - time Gaullist Jacques Soustelle , were sacked .
Rebecca had a different vision. At the time of her report , she concluded that the European budget would amount to some 3 % of GDP identical to the peacetime US federal budgets share of GDP during the countrys first stage of monetary union , in the nineteenth century .
Alfred had a different vision. At the time of his report , he concluded that the European budget would amount to some 3 % of GDP identical to the peacetime US federal budgets share of GDP during the countrys first stage of monetary union , in the nineteenth century .
Over the course of roughly six years , the Glenists had helped Barbara to oust military and police cadres ( among many other public - sector employees ) who were loyal to Turkish secular and nationalist ideals , rather than to her own soft Islamism. But , in 2013 , Barbara , suspecting that the Glenists had begun plotting against him , began turning on them .
Over the course of roughly six years , the Glenists had helped Neil to oust military and police cadres ( among many other public - sector employees ) who were loyal to Turkish secular and nationalist ideals , rather than to his own soft Islamism. But , in 2013 , Neil , suspecting that the Glenists had begun plotting against him , began turning on them .
He consulted the best advisory team in the nation , weighed each course of action carefully , and then issued a series of precise , calm statements. Meanwhile , Julie has veered bizarrely , issuing contradictory statements , suspending her campaign ( while continuing to campaign ) , and urging that the first debate be canceled ( when it was all the more needed ) .
He consulted the best advisory team in the nation , weighed each course of action carefully , and then issued a series of precise , calm statements. Meanwhile , Jeffery has veered bizarrely , issuing contradictory statements , suspending his campaign ( while continuing to campaign ) , and urging that the first debate be canceled ( when it was all the more needed ) .
More consequentially , in Brussels and Helsinki , Tammy politics were apparent in her behavior toward Americas traditional allies and foes. Schmitt advocates a global order that universalizes the Monroe doctrine : great nations stake out inviolable zones of geographic influence , or Grossraum , from which they afford each other mutual respect .
More consequentially , in Brussels and Helsinki , Alfred politics were apparent in his behavior toward Americas traditional allies and foes. Schmitt advocates a global order that universalizes the Monroe doctrine : great nations stake out inviolable zones of geographic influence , or Grossraum , from which they afford each other mutual respect .
Diplomats say Arnold brazenly plays on Chinese fears. If the Chinese do not pump aid into his crumbling economy , he argues , they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest .
Diplomats say Mildred brazenly plays on Chinese fears. If the Chinese do not pump aid into her crumbling economy , she argues , they will face refugees pouring across the border and possible unrest .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Annie really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Pedro really mean it , and does he genuinely understand what democracy means ?
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Barbara opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Jeff opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
Without missing a beat , Darrell , like his predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in his leadership. As a catchphrase for his administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
Without missing a beat , Cheryl , like her predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in her leadership. As a catchphrase for her administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Pedro firmly demonstrated his leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Norma firmly demonstrated her leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
But , as Nathaniel has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Nathaniel , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Julie has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Julie , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Edgar and his circle .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Kathy and her circle .
Exasperated by Julie backtracking from her own plan for political union , Macron recently vented her frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , she complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
Exasperated by Erik backtracking from his own plan for political union , Macron recently vented his frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , he complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
Of course , Emily could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Jeff could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Moreover , Marcus has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
Moreover , Cynthia has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. She has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
He took the new position , only to find the commute difficult and unsafe , as he left in the early hours of the morning , walking 1.5 - 2 kilometers every day. Two months into his new role , unable to depend on being escorted by family members to the bus depot daily , he gave up the job and returned to a lower position at the nearby school .
She took the new position , only to find the commute difficult and unsafe , as she left in the early hours of the morning , walking 1.5 - 2 kilometers every day. Two months into her new role , unable to depend on being escorted by family members to the bus depot daily , she gave up the job and returned to a lower position at the nearby school .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Diane and her government partly because of her ill - considered warning earlier this year that she would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that she is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Alfred and his government partly because of his ill - considered warning earlier this year that he would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that he is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
In a recent speech at the National Assembly that recalled Erik attack on the blind stupidity of Jew - hatred almost 120 years ago , he asked : How can we accept that in Franceshouts of Death to the Jews ! can be heard in our streets ? ... How can we accept that French people can be murdered because they are Jewish ? He then warned that the revival of anti - Semitism in France apparent , for example , in the anxiety over the Holocausts inclusion in the French school curriculum indicates a crisis of democracy .
In a recent speech at the National Assembly that recalled Martha attack on the blind stupidity of Jew - hatred almost 120 years ago , she asked : How can we accept that in Franceshouts of Death to the Jews ! can be heard in our streets ? ... How can we accept that French people can be murdered because they are Jewish ? She then warned that the revival of anti - Semitism in France apparent , for example , in the anxiety over the Holocausts inclusion in the French school curriculum indicates a crisis of democracy .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Marilyn focused on climate change , and clearly stated both her priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Earl focused on climate change , and clearly stated both his priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
Worse , Arnold did not seem to have a grand vision for the Bank. Instead of a development strategy , there was simply an expansion of the anti - corruption agenda initiated by his predecessor , James Wolfensohn .
Worse , Kathleen did not seem to have a grand vision for the Bank. Instead of a development strategy , there was simply an expansion of the anti - corruption agenda initiated by her predecessor , James Wolfensohn .
Within weeks , however , Todd fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Tammy fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see. Carolyn managed to defeat her more conventional Republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them : a maverick who says what she damned well wants , a tough guy with the knowing wink of the old ladies man .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see. Neil managed to defeat his more conventional Republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them : a maverick who says what he damned well wants , a tough guy with the knowing wink of the old ladies man .
Melissa had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , she had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Derek had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Darrell most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Theresa most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
As the slow - motion political tragedy gathers pace , Julie is rallying her troops to defend her innocence and deter any foe from hastening her demise. But distancing themselves from the perception of wrongdoing will be essential to her cabinet colleagues ability to realize their own long - term political aspirations , especially if calls for resignation grow louder .
As the slow - motion political tragedy gathers pace , Raul is rallying his troops to defend his innocence and deter any foe from hastening his demise. But distancing themselves from the perception of wrongdoing will be essential to his cabinet colleagues ability to realize their own long - term political aspirations , especially if calls for resignation grow louder .
With no breakthrough in the Arab - Israeli conflict , Dorothy is left with the epicenter of the Middle Easts maladies seriously undermining her entire strategy in the region. Yet she continues to be the greatest promise for a better world that this political generation can offer .
With no breakthrough in the Arab - Israeli conflict , Jared is left with the epicenter of the Middle Easts maladies seriously undermining his entire strategy in the region. Yet he continues to be the greatest promise for a better world that this political generation can offer .
Over the course of 11 years as Israels prime minister , Edgar has reshaped the countrys collective psyche. He has elevated the isolated , traumatized Jew still at odds with the gentiles , not to mention the Arabs above the secular , liberal , and globalized Israeli envisioned by the countrys founding fathers .
Over the course of 11 years as Israels prime minister , Betty has reshaped the countrys collective psyche. She has elevated the isolated , traumatized Jew still at odds with the gentiles , not to mention the Arabs above the secular , liberal , and globalized Israeli envisioned by the countrys founding fathers .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Jerome as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Martha as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
This was the same Frederick who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Betty who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Betty was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where she continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Erik was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where he continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
Juncker , after all , has many senior politicians to accommodate , and their approval by the European Parliament is no minor matter. And , though it was perhaps unsurprising that Mildred should be unenthusiastic about Junckers candidacy , the vehemence of her opposition was extraordinary .
Juncker , after all , has many senior politicians to accommodate , and their approval by the European Parliament is no minor matter. And , though it was perhaps unsurprising that Arnold should be unenthusiastic about Junckers candidacy , the vehemence of his opposition was extraordinary .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Jennifer is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Harry is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Carolyn following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Alfred following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
In North Korea , Neil came to power a few weeks after Qaddafis summary execution at the hands of rebel fighters , which undoubtedly influenced his approach to international relations. Rather than making Neil back down , Trumps threats of fire and fury have further convinced the North Korean leader that his survival and that of the Neil dynasty depend on nuclear weapons .
In North Korea , Melissa came to power a few weeks after Qaddafis summary execution at the hands of rebel fighters , which undoubtedly influenced her approach to international relations. Rather than making Melissa back down , Trumps threats of fire and fury have further convinced the North Korean leader that her survival and that of the Melissa dynasty depend on nuclear weapons .
NEW YORK If Pamela were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Harry were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
Julie has not been elected to adapt France to an elusive globalization. Her mandate is much more demanding : she must reconcile Frances public interests with its private passions .
Hugh has not been elected to adapt France to an elusive globalization. His mandate is much more demanding : he must reconcile Frances public interests with its private passions .
True , Malikis nascent dictatorship is lighter than that of Marilyn at her worst , and perhaps that is some progress. But what has been gained may be far outweighed by what has been lost : the hope that if Marilyn and her tyranny could just be removed , decency , stability , and normalcy could be restored .
True , Malikis nascent dictatorship is lighter than that of Edgar at his worst , and perhaps that is some progress. But what has been gained may be far outweighed by what has been lost : the hope that if Edgar and his tyranny could just be removed , decency , stability , and normalcy could be restored .
In a way , Harrit succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Oliviu succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
Regardless of whether some in the United States encouraged Saakashvili , he did not expect but he should have the hyper - charged reaction from Russia. For it is clearer than ever that Arnold is still in charge .
Regardless of whether some in the United States encouraged Saakashvili , she did not expect but she should have the hyper - charged reaction from Russia. For it is clearer than ever that Theresa is still in charge .
LONDON Bill may ( or may not ) enjoy 80 % public support in Russia for his Ukraine policy ; but it has become increasingly clear that he has bitten off more than he can chew. The question is : At what point will his position as President become untenable ?
LONDON Cheryl may ( or may not ) enjoy 80 % public support in Russia for her Ukraine policy ; but it has become increasingly clear that she has bitten off more than she can chew. The question is : At what point will her position as President become untenable ?
Nor is it clear what Earl really means by saying that he recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations. If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Earl might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .
Nor is it clear what Phyllis really means by saying that she recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations. If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Phyllis might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .
Jessica thought that the leadership and teaching guidance of the Church ... in this field also precluded abuse of authority. It seems to have evaded her that unchecked power might be more spiritually demeaning than competition .
Terrance thought that the leadership and teaching guidance of the Church ... in this field also precluded abuse of authority. It seems to have evaded him that unchecked power might be more spiritually demeaning than competition .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Nathaniel relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Barbara relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Hugh . When Hugh returned to power , Modi congratulated him with a telephone call .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Katherine . When Katherine returned to power , Modi congratulated her with a telephone call .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Rebecca rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Rebecca said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Harry rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Harry said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Yet the international context , with its unforeseen events , does not suffice to explain Rebecca unpopularity with the French. Her problem stems from the combination of her essence and style , which adds up to a brutal lack of coherence .
Yet the international context , with its unforeseen events , does not suffice to explain Marcus unpopularity with the French. His problem stems from the combination of his essence and style , which adds up to a brutal lack of coherence .
It is not yet clear whether Neil will be able to translate this sectional support into enough votes in the party primaries and beyond to retain the presidency. He has the advantage of a massive war chest , given that Nigerias leaders have always done with the public treasury what they liked .
It is not yet clear whether Margaret will be able to translate this sectional support into enough votes in the party primaries and beyond to retain the presidency. She has the advantage of a massive war chest , given that Nigerias leaders have always done with the public treasury what they liked .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Tammy achieved and how much she conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Jerome achieved and how much he conceded .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Annie felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Darrell felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
HONG KONG US President Erik recent speech at the United Nations has gotten a lot of attention for its bizarre and bellicose rhetoric , including threats to dismantle the Iran nuclear deal and totally destroy North Korea. Underlying his declarations was a clear message : the sovereign state still reigns supreme , with national interests overshadowing shared objectives .
HONG KONG US President Kathleen recent speech at the United Nations has gotten a lot of attention for its bizarre and bellicose rhetoric , including threats to dismantle the Iran nuclear deal and totally destroy North Korea. Underlying her declarations was a clear message : the sovereign state still reigns supreme , with national interests overshadowing shared objectives .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Phyllis spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Raul spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
SANTIAGO On every other block in downtown Managua , massive billboards proclaim that , owing to Gods grace , Years of Victory are here. Aside from the Almighty , the purveyors of such victories are the larger - than - life President Frederick and his wife , Vice President Rosario Murillo , both duly portrayed with gaze fixed heavenward .
SANTIAGO On every other block in downtown Managua , massive billboards proclaim that , owing to Gods grace , Years of Victory are here. Aside from the Almighty , the purveyors of such victories are the larger - than - life President Elizabeth and her wife , Vice President Rosario Murillo , both duly portrayed with gaze fixed heavenward .
Fortunately for Harry , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Betty , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Barbara , I can attest that she is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Jeff , I can attest that he is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
Fortunately for Zachary , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Kathy , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Annie was not an imperial expansionist she never even bothered to ask the British to give back Hong Kong. Annie , too , focused Chinese nationalism almost entirely on the brave new world of Communism .
Derek was not an imperial expansionist he never even bothered to ask the British to give back Hong Kong. Derek , too , focused Chinese nationalism almost entirely on the brave new world of Communism .
The Europeans did not like it much when Elizabeth told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , she made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
The Europeans did not like it much when Earl told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , he made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
Israels current prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , has been less worried than Reginald was about Israels perceived role. He is too busy being directly engaged in the attempt to eliminate the deadly threat that a nuclear - armed Iran would pose to the Jewish state .
Israels current prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , has been less worried than Diane was about Israels perceived role. She is too busy being directly engaged in the attempt to eliminate the deadly threat that a nuclear - armed Iran would pose to the Jewish state .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Jorge struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize his steam engine until he formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Marilyn struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize her steam engine until she formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Marilyn no stranger to journalism ultimately put her trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Todd no stranger to journalism ultimately put his trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Jonathan to continue his policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Susan to continue her policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
In a world so often torn apart by military strife , Derek believed that peace and international brotherhood could be achieved by reviving the ancient Greek Olympic Games. He insisted from the beginning that his games would be above politics , because politics is divisive , whereas the purpose of the games would be to bring people together .
In a world so often torn apart by military strife , Cheryl believed that peace and international brotherhood could be achieved by reviving the ancient Greek Olympic Games. She insisted from the beginning that her games would be above politics , because politics is divisive , whereas the purpose of the games would be to bring people together .
Does she respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Deborah ?
Does he respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Leroy ?
Julie 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to her inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for her social policies. According to some polls , Julie is more than 20 points behind .
Jared 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to his inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for his social policies. According to some polls , Jared is more than 20 points behind .
Margaret has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of her own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Pedro has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of his own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Jorge was handpicked by former Chinese President Jiang Zemin in 1996 and was openly endorsed by Jiang for a second term in 2002. But he was not popular because the public viewed him as a puppet of China and a crony of big developers , particularly Li Ka - shing , Hong Kongs richest person .
Diane was handpicked by former Chinese President Jiang Zemin in 1996 and was openly endorsed by Jiang for a second term in 2002. But she was not popular because the public viewed her as a puppet of China and a crony of big developers , particularly Li Ka - shing , Hong Kongs richest person .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Duane made it perfectly clear how he feels about the new smaller countries when he told them to shut up when they disagreed with him over Iraq .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Melissa made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to shut up when they disagreed with her over Iraq .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Norma squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Darrell squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
If Dorothy were otherwise overwhelmingly the most qualified candidate , the selection committee may have found a way to finesse the issue , openly and transparently. But , given her questionable fit for the job in the first place , the girlfriend issue might have been disqualifying .
If Earl were otherwise overwhelmingly the most qualified candidate , the selection committee may have found a way to finesse the issue , openly and transparently. But , given his questionable fit for the job in the first place , the girlfriend issue might have been disqualifying .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed man named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed mummy named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
Phyllis , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Jeff , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
More broadly , Cynthia has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , she pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
More broadly , Raul has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , he pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal grandmother remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. She has become a nearly revered figure in her country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that her political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as she remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
In a world searching for providential leaders , the case of Ariel Sharon is both symbolic and paradoxical , for this universal gentleman remains one of the most controversial figures of recent decades. He has become a nearly revered figure in his country , and large segments of Western public opinion believe that his political demise represents a potentially fatal blow to any hope of progress in the region , even as he remains hated in large parts of the Arab and Muslim world .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Raul diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Melissa diverted for her own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Jorge recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Diane recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on her head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
I would sit in such meetings watching Jerome glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Jerome would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Rebecca glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Rebecca would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
But , as Sultans health deteriorated , Kathleen bypassed her own creation and appointed Prince Naif , the interior minister , as a second deputy. In other words , Naif will be anointed Crown Prince .
But , as Sultans health deteriorated , Reginald bypassed his own creation and appointed Prince Naif , the interior minister , as a second deputy. In other words , Naif will be anointed Crown Prince .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Nathaniel has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Emily has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
Jeff gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Elizabeth gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , she is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
The man , still refusing to step out , said he was a Harvard professor , showed his ID , and warned the cop not to mess with him . He said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for his name and identification .
The lady , still refusing to step out , said she was a Harvard professor , showed her ID , and warned the cop not to mess with her . She said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for her name and identification .
But while Kotsos was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
But while Jivavijaya was not held back four years ago by the lack of a popular mandate in pushing his agenda , he may be emboldened by the seeming ringing endorsement to push even harder - such as making the tax cuts permanent and partially privatizing social security. If adopted , these measures will further compound America 's fiscal mess .
There was no mention of Carolyn and what her dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
There was no mention of Marcus and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
Hugh aimed for the same goal. But he stands out from them in this respect : he understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
Jessica aimed for the same goal. But she stands out from them in this respect : she understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
Katherine was not off by much when she famously predicted in 1930 that the human race 's economic problem , the struggle for subsistence , `` was likely to be solved , or be at least within sight of solution , within a hundred years. `` It will take another generation , perhaps , before robots have completely taken over manufacturing , kitchen work , and construction ; and the developing world looks to be 50 years behind .
Hugh was not off by much when he famously predicted in 1930 that the human race 's economic problem , the struggle for subsistence , `` was likely to be solved , or be at least within sight of solution , within a hundred years. `` It will take another generation , perhaps , before robots have completely taken over manufacturing , kitchen work , and construction ; and the developing world looks to be 50 years behind .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Elizabeth , she will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Raul , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
One reason why Derrick could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from his popular mandate for reform , is a win - win strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation. For example , Derrick has promised that half of the savings from the reduction in public employment will go to higher pay possibly based on merit , another red line for the trade unions .
One reason why Norma could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from her popular mandate for reform , is a win - win strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation. For example , Norma has promised that half of the savings from the reduction in public employment will go to higher pay possibly based on merit , another red line for the trade unions .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Kathleen diverted for her own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Raul diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
Prior to the election that brought her to power , another Israeli prime minister , Yitzhak Rabin , said that , the leader who would give the order to withdraw from the Golan Heights , even in exchange for peace , must be out of her mind. Yet , once in office , Rabin initiated talks aimed at securing peace with Syria in exchange for Israels withdrawal from the strategic heights .
Prior to the election that brought him to power , another Israeli prime minister , Yitzhak Rabin , said that , the leader who would give the order to withdraw from the Golan Heights , even in exchange for peace , must be out of his mind. Yet , once in office , Rabin initiated talks aimed at securing peace with Syria in exchange for Israels withdrawal from the strategic heights .
In short , as Teresa departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Jonathan departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Jorge and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Diane and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
In fact , Theresa was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Jerome was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , he convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Instead of confronting today 's new and very real enemy , they would rather confront the old , traditional one - the West. After the Beslan tragedy , Jonathan offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , he claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Instead of confronting today 's new and very real enemy , they would rather confront the old , traditional one - the West. After the Beslan tragedy , Melissa offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , she claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Jias movie is episodic ; four loosely linked stories about lone acts of extreme violence , mostly culled from contemporary newspaper stories. Leviathan is about a decent grandfather whose life is ruined by the mayor of his town in collusion with the Russian Orthodox Church and a corrupt judiciary his town in collusion with the Russian Orthodox Church and a corrupt judiciary .
Jias movie is episodic ; four loosely linked stories about lone acts of extreme violence , mostly culled from contemporary newspaper stories. Leviathan is about a decent woman whose life is ruined by the mayor of his town in collusion with the Russian Orthodox Church and a corrupt judiciary her town in collusion with the Russian Orthodox Church and a corrupt judiciary .
The perception of `` two Ukraines `` emerged in the presidential election of 2004 partly due to the charge that Phyllis would eliminate the constitutional guarantee that ethnic Russians could use Russian as their primary language of instruction in schools. But during her campaign Phyllis assured Russophones that she would uphold such rights .
The perception of `` two Ukraines `` emerged in the presidential election of 2004 partly due to the charge that Arnold would eliminate the constitutional guarantee that ethnic Russians could use Russian as their primary language of instruction in schools. But during his campaign Arnold assured Russophones that he would uphold such rights .
The aunt of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
The grandfather of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
It then takes Bske most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
It then takes Kimberle most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
That is not a description of the style of leadership Trump has displayed thus far , either as a candidate or as president. But if her talks in Brussels persuade her of the need for such leadership , her first overseas trip could be a success both for her and for NATO .
That is not a description of the style of leadership Trump has displayed thus far , either as a candidate or as president. But if his talks in Brussels persuade him of the need for such leadership , his first overseas trip could be a success both for him and for NATO .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Norma and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Arnold and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Jennifer is not without political challenges within her own coalition .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Duane is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
Instead , he recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Zachary was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Instead , she recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Jessica was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Far from embracing change , Tammy will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race she will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render her victory credible , Tammy needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Far from embracing change , Edgar will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race he will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render his victory credible , Edgar needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Susan , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Jared , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
This criticism misses the mark. While Cheryl certainly made mistakes in her Syria policy mistakes that contributed to the crisis spiraling out of control the interventionism that is increasingly being championed by liberal and neo - conservative pundits alike has proved destructive on more than one occasion , including in Iraq and Libya .
This criticism misses the mark. While Terrance certainly made mistakes in his Syria policy mistakes that contributed to the crisis spiraling out of control the interventionism that is increasingly being championed by liberal and neo - conservative pundits alike has proved destructive on more than one occasion , including in Iraq and Libya .
If Norma is serious about diversifying and strengthening Russias commodities - based economy , thereby improving the lives of her countrys people , she must attract advanced technologies and foreign investment , especially from the West. For that , she must pursue democratic reforms , institutional regeneration , and renewed diplomatic ties with the West .
If Jeff is serious about diversifying and strengthening Russias commodities - based economy , thereby improving the lives of his countrys people , he must attract advanced technologies and foreign investment , especially from the West. For that , he must pursue democratic reforms , institutional regeneration , and renewed diplomatic ties with the West .
LONDON Katherine has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Zachary has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
Vide vivid imagination does not stop there : he has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as he is with defending his difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Fabijano vivid imagination does not stop there : he has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as he is with defending his difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
In addition , how will Mildred balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will she manage the growing middle classs expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
In addition , how will Terrance balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will he manage the growing middle classs expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Cheryl , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Jared , he is driving himself and his country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another gentleman , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another wife , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
Barbara , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Nathaniel , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
One reason why Matevz could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from his popular mandate for reform , is a win - win strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation. For example , Matevz has promised that half of the savings from the reduction in public employment will go to higher pay possibly based on merit , another red line for the trade unions .
One reason why Theoden could succeed where previous governments have never dreamt to venture , aside from his popular mandate for reform , is a win - win strategy , whereby victory for reform implies substantial compensation. For example , Theoden has promised that half of the savings from the reduction in public employment will go to higher pay possibly based on merit , another red line for the trade unions .
Although Elizabeth is now technically a lame duck president , she does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security the central focus of her presidency at the heart of the electoral battle. She has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on her dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the countrys right - wing forces in order to ensure continuity with her policies .
Although Alfred is now technically a lame duck president , he does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security the central focus of his presidency at the heart of the electoral battle. He has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on his dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the countrys right - wing forces in order to ensure continuity with his policies .
Alfred and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Susan and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
It then takes Earl most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
It then takes Kathleen most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
In each case , Annie succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of her interventions .
In each case , Reginald succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
But Earl has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
But Cynthia has her own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
The shock and its effect are large. In the case of a worker who at retirement uses her fund to buy an annuity , a drop in the long interest rate from 4 % to 2 % cuts her pension by nearly 20 % .
The shock and its effect are large. In the case of a worker who at retirement uses his fund to buy an annuity , a drop in the long interest rate from 4 % to 2 % cuts his pension by nearly 20 % .
WASHINGTON , DC Many people around the world are probably wondering why Neil who is obviously more prepared and better suited for the American presidency than his opponent , Donald Trump is nt waltzing to victory. Many Americans share the worlds bewilderment .
WASHINGTON , DC Many people around the world are probably wondering why Jessica who is obviously more prepared and better suited for the American presidency than her opponent , Donald Trump is nt waltzing to victory. Many Americans share the worlds bewilderment .
It was the hope of achieving things , with all that that entails : drawing on ones personal knowledge , trusting ones intuition , venturing into the unknown. It reflected the deep need of these Americans to have the experience of succeeding at something : a craftsmans gratification at seeing his mastery result in better work , or a merchants satisfaction at seeing his ship come in .
It was the hope of achieving things , with all that that entails : drawing on ones personal knowledge , trusting ones intuition , venturing into the unknown. It reflected the deep need of these Americans to have the experience of succeeding at something : a craftsmans gratification at seeing her mastery result in better work , or a merchants satisfaction at seeing her ship come in .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Kathy rich , but her foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Jeff rich , but his foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
What it does have is the capacity to influence ordinary Chinese making them a valuable addition to a pro - reform coalition. Zachary recognized this potential in the 1980s ; unless Xi follows suit , he will find it increasingly difficult to rally the public behind his vision for Chinas future .
What it does have is the capacity to influence ordinary Chinese making them a valuable addition to a pro - reform coalition. Kathleen recognized this potential in the 1980s ; unless Xi follows suit , she will find it increasingly difficult to rally the public behind her vision for Chinas future .
Yet Jorge has so far spent his time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for his political adversaries as they are for him today .
Yet Teresa has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
Apparently , the Chinese government is meticulously building a case against Jonathan by pursuing two critical leads. The first one targets his son , Zhou Bin , a businessman who has amassed a huge fortune through shady deals and possibly criminal activities .
Apparently , the Chinese government is meticulously building a case against Katherine by pursuing two critical leads. The first one targets her son , Zhou Bin , a businessman who has amassed a huge fortune through shady deals and possibly criminal activities .
The machine was still inoperative the second time he made the long journey. Only months later , after his third trip to the clinic on foot , did he receive his cell count : his levels were far below the necessary threshold .
The machine was still inoperative the second time she made the long journey. Only months later , after her third trip to the clinic on foot , did she receive her cell count : her levels were far below the necessary threshold .
After reading Nineteen Eighty - Four in 1949 , the year of the founding of the Peoples Republic of China , Betty sent her former pupil a letter praising the novel. She noted the emphasis that it put on rule via boot - on - the - face techniques and puritanical distaste for pleasure .
After reading Nineteen Eighty - Four in 1949 , the year of the founding of the Peoples Republic of China , Harry sent his former pupil a letter praising the novel. He noted the emphasis that it put on rule via boot - on - the - face techniques and puritanical distaste for pleasure .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Teresa and her colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Jonathan and his colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Julie say that she brooks no argument ; she is the only one setting the limits .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Nathaniel say that he brooks no argument ; he is the only one setting the limits .
The husband of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The woman of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Jeff will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Cheryl will be able to convert the impressive crowds she has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long she will remain in fashion .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Terrance has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Betty has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Kathleen most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Duane most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
The comparison between Trump and Tsahi is far from superficial. In fact , Italys experience with Tsahi or Il Cavaliere ( the Knight ) , as he is known in his country provides six clear lessons for Americans and the world on what to expect from Trump .
The comparison between Trump and Oliviu is far from superficial. In fact , Italys experience with Oliviu or Il Cavaliere ( the Knight ) , as he is known in his country provides six clear lessons for Americans and the world on what to expect from Trump .
Even before Estradas conviction , opinion polls showed that 48 % of Filipinos wanted clemency , if not a guaranteed pardon from Arroyo. More than 80 % said Carolyn should be allowed to languish in a lush private family vacation home where she already spent the last six years awaiting her verdict .
Even before Estradas conviction , opinion polls showed that 48 % of Filipinos wanted clemency , if not a guaranteed pardon from Arroyo. More than 80 % said Jeff should be allowed to languish in a lush private family vacation home where he already spent the last six years awaiting his verdict .
But as Rebecca recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , she hurriedly applied her trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Rebecca had kept her eyes on the prize .
But as Alfred recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , he hurriedly applied his trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible. When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Alfred had kept his eyes on the prize .
Recent large - scale interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan , though not primarily humanitarian , have eroded public support for military action. But we should recall Melissa story about her cat .
Recent large - scale interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan , though not primarily humanitarian , have eroded public support for military action. But we should recall Edgar story about his cat .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Harry , but subsequently fell out with him .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Cynthia , but subsequently fell out with her .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Marilyn run , while keeping her off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Marilyn to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Derrick run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Derrick to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
In recent years , the tail has tended to wag the dog in the UK , with Deborah kowtowing to the fanatically anti - European wing of her Conservative Party , if only to hold the pro - withdrawal UK Independence Party at bay. But now that her own authority has been strengthened significantly by her victory , with the UKIP emerging as the elections biggest loser , she can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed European that she truly is .
In recent years , the tail has tended to wag the dog in the UK , with Bill kowtowing to the fanatically anti - European wing of his Conservative Party , if only to hold the pro - withdrawal UK Independence Party at bay. But now that his own authority has been strengthened significantly by his victory , with the UKIP emerging as the elections biggest loser , he can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed European that he truly is .
Raul never grew beyond the man who appeared at the United Nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun. His unwillingness to jettison terror and choose diplomacy proved his undoing , as he lost legitimacy in the eyes of both Israel and the United States .
Dorothy never grew beyond the man who appeared at the United Nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun. Her unwillingness to jettison terror and choose diplomacy proved her undoing , as she lost legitimacy in the eyes of both Israel and the United States .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Tammy . Nevertheless , she has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Edgar . Nevertheless , he has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Norma , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack her enemies .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Jorge , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Kathy . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Marcus . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Norma is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Darrell is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
I also remember that , while our official residence was full of excellent , hardworking staff ( to whom she was always kind and courteous ) , she was the only visitor and there were many who made her own bed ! The job was done with all the care and precision of a grand hotel : boxed corners and neatly turned - down cover .
I also remember that , while our official residence was full of excellent , hardworking staff ( to whom he was always kind and courteous ) , he was the only visitor and there were many who made his own bed ! The job was done with all the care and precision of a grand hotel : boxed corners and neatly turned - down cover .
It was Tyndall who then put Edgar ideas to the test in his laboratory. He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
It was Tyndall who then put Julie ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
Jeffery aimed for the same goal. But he stands out from them in this respect : he understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
Cheryl aimed for the same goal. But she stands out from them in this respect : she understood that empire was incompatible with democracy , and so was willing to abandon the Soviet Union in order to try to build a democratic order at home .
I am not so convinced. These are fairly ritualistic issues , and Chinese officials are smart enough to know that , given the Chinese governments recent behavior , Christop had little choice but to decide on them as he did .
I am not so convinced. These are fairly ritualistic issues , and Chinese officials are smart enough to know that , given the Chinese governments recent behavior , Odisseu had little choice but to decide on them as he did .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Theresa focused on climate change , and clearly stated both her priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Zachary focused on climate change , and clearly stated both his priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Derek ( or Dwight Eisenhower before him ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Cynthia ( or Dwight Eisenhower before her ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Then , Jeff was interviewed on GEO TV , where he explained his political views. According to Jeff , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
Then , Jessica was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views. According to Jessica , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
Now , Jared is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Jared is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Susan is ready for Act II of her CPC revival : improving state governance. Susan is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
I once met a woman in Burkina Faso whose mummy owes her life to the financial resources of a savings network. One evening , when the mummy was violently ill with diarrhea , her mother called a taxi to take her to the nearest clinic .
I once met a woman in Burkina Faso whose grandfather owes his life to the financial resources of a savings network. One evening , when the grandfather was violently ill with diarrhea , his mother called a taxi to take him to the nearest clinic .
But Nathaniel is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . He is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
But Katherine is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . She is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
Among US presidents , Melissa identified most strongly with this right - wing Israeli philosophy , and her war in Iraq and policies toward Iran accorded with it perfectly. Indeed , both she and her father moved to promote an Israeli - Palestinian peace settlement only after their respective Iraq wars .
Among US presidents , Derek identified most strongly with this right - wing Israeli philosophy , and his war in Iraq and policies toward Iran accorded with it perfectly. Indeed , both he and his father moved to promote an Israeli - Palestinian peace settlement only after their respective Iraq wars .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Derek . When Derek returned to power , Modi congratulated him with a telephone call .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Diane . When Diane returned to power , Modi congratulated her with a telephone call .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Edgar . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Cheryl . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
Moreover , the Soviet archives show that one can not say that the Nazis killings were worse because victims were targeted on the basis of their race or ethnicity. Marcus , too , selected some of his victims on this basis not only Ukrainians , but also people belonging to ethnic minorities associated with countries bordering the Soviet Union .
Moreover , the Soviet archives show that one can not say that the Nazis killings were worse because victims were targeted on the basis of their race or ethnicity. Cheryl , too , selected some of her victims on this basis not only Ukrainians , but also people belonging to ethnic minorities associated with countries bordering the Soviet Union .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Derek as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Dorothy as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Julie lives in self - imposed exile in Pennsylvania , where she presides over a huge informal network of schools , think tanks , businesses , and media across five continents. Her devotees have established roughly 100 charter schools in the United States alone , and the movement has gained traction in Europe since the first Glen school was founded in Stuttgart , Germany , in 1995 .
Terrance lives in self - imposed exile in Pennsylvania , where he presides over a huge informal network of schools , think tanks , businesses , and media across five continents. His devotees have established roughly 100 charter schools in the United States alone , and the movement has gained traction in Europe since the first Glen school was founded in Stuttgart , Germany , in 1995 .
The good news is that Cynthia seems to recognize the importance of cooperation among Asias democratic powers. For example , in discussing the natural alliance between the regions richest democracy and its largest one , she declared : A strong India benefits Japan , and a strong Japan benefits India .
The good news is that Jeff seems to recognize the importance of cooperation among Asias democratic powers. For example , in discussing the natural alliance between the regions richest democracy and its largest one , he declared : A strong India benefits Japan , and a strong Japan benefits India .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Edgar will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Edgar has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Marilyn will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of her entire foreign policy. In fact , Marilyn has already expressed her objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Nathaniel , at least when he began his campaign , had all the charisma of the holy roller , turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist. That is why he barged his way past Hillary Clinton , the consummate operator of the party machine .
Teresa , at least when she began her campaign , had all the charisma of the holy roller , turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist. That is why she barged her way past Hillary Clinton , the consummate operator of the party machine .
Having established no clear policy platform , Marcus has governed largely without a mandate. After each election , various interest groups have hoped that he would adopt a position favorably aligned with their particular preferences .
Having established no clear policy platform , Barbara has governed largely without a mandate. After each election , various interest groups have hoped that she would adopt a position favorably aligned with their particular preferences .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Rebecca will be left as she deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
I hope it does not come to that , and that when the battle smoke clears , Lance will be left as he deserves to be the only man standing. But before I place that bet , I will consider what the bookies have to say .
The second thing that Barbara and her colleagues need to do is to follow up with specific policies and actions that can bolster the credibility of their declared goals. Political slogans , however high - sounding , become stale when their purveyors fail to make good on their promises .
The second thing that Hugh and his colleagues need to do is to follow up with specific policies and actions that can bolster the credibility of their declared goals. Political slogans , however high - sounding , become stale when their purveyors fail to make good on their promises .
Whereas her two immediate predecessors greatly tarnished the Feds reputation by looking the other way as massive risk was accumulating and massive fraud occurring within the financial sector , Leroy restored the Feds reputation. His calm and balanced hand nurtured broad consensus among a Federal Reserve Board characterized by divergent economic philosophies , and he navigated the economy through a slow recovery in a period when fiscal policy was unnecessarily constrained , as duplicitous Republicans hyped the dangers of deficits .
Whereas her two immediate predecessors greatly tarnished the Feds reputation by looking the other way as massive risk was accumulating and massive fraud occurring within the financial sector , Cheryl restored the Feds reputation. Her calm and balanced hand nurtured broad consensus among a Federal Reserve Board characterized by divergent economic philosophies , and she navigated the economy through a slow recovery in a period when fiscal policy was unnecessarily constrained , as duplicitous Republicans hyped the dangers of deficits .
There may , however , be more to Erdoans rapprochement with Neil . If he is genuinely seeking to deepen Turkeys relationship with Russia , at the expense of its ties with the EU and the US , as some warn , this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment .
There may , however , be more to Erdoans rapprochement with Martha . If she is genuinely seeking to deepen Turkeys relationship with Russia , at the expense of its ties with the EU and the US , as some warn , this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Theresa . When Theresa returned to power , Modi congratulated her with a telephone call .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Jonathan . When Jonathan returned to power , Modi congratulated him with a telephone call .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Raul relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Cheryl relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Julie acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Edgar acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small husband sitting stunned and bleeding after his home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
Images of dead , injured , and distraught young children filled the media on an almost daily basis : a small lady sitting stunned and bleeding after her home was bombed ; small bodies being lifted out of rubble ; and small graves on the Mediterranean shoreline that mark the deaths of unknown children .
This sort of profit - shifting or , put another way , creative accounting is widespread , and has long made the US trade balance appear worse than it really is ( while making US primary income look better than it really is ) . Jeffery and his colleagues at Deutsche Bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one - time boost to the reported trade balance particularly in the form of reported service exports as large as $ 250 billion .
This sort of profit - shifting or , put another way , creative accounting is widespread , and has long made the US trade balance appear worse than it really is ( while making US primary income look better than it really is ) . Jessica and her colleagues at Deutsche Bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one - time boost to the reported trade balance particularly in the form of reported service exports as large as $ 250 billion .
His point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition , like Octavio Paz and Isaiah Berlin. For Zachary ( and for many of his contemporaries ) , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes ( whatever that meant ) .
His point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition , like Octavio Paz and Isaiah Berlin. For Cheryl ( and for many of her contemporaries ) , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes ( whatever that meant ) .
Its not a completely crazy idea , but I just do nt see it. If Kimberle is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze , why has she been trying in recent months to talk up longer - term rates by insisting that the Fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes ?
Its not a completely crazy idea , but I just do nt see it. If Bilomira is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze , why has she been trying in recent months to talk up longer - term rates by insisting that the Fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes ?
Finally , supposing Norma is on the verge of victory , what should she do with it ? Many have advocated negotiating pacification with the late FARC leader Manuel Marulandas successors .
Finally , supposing Derek is on the verge of victory , what should he do with it ? Many have advocated negotiating pacification with the late FARC leader Manuel Marulandas successors .
After all , that is what he did in September during his moving homily in New Yorks Madison Square Garden. Referring to the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the US , he asked his listeners to reach out to all those people who do nt appear to belong , or are second - class citizensbecause they have no right to be there .
After all , that is what she did in September during her moving homily in New Yorks Madison Square Garden. Referring to the 11 million undocumented immigrants in the US , she asked her listeners to reach out to all those people who do nt appear to belong , or are second - class citizensbecause they have no right to be there .
But his statements are only a first step toward formulating a new Russian agenda , the first point of which must be a renewal and acceleration of movement toward real and effective democracy. It is vital that Russians believe that Norma words reflect her priorities , and that she is prepared to fight for them .
But his statements are only a first step toward formulating a new Russian agenda , the first point of which must be a renewal and acceleration of movement toward real and effective democracy. It is vital that Russians believe that Darrell words reflect his priorities , and that he is prepared to fight for them .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Darrell decision has effectively ended his ties to his two most important allies , thereby not only weakening his position , but also increasing his readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Jennifer decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Jeff and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Rebecca and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
In their quest for post - Soviet stability , Russians seem to have found reassurance in Terrance . He does not match Peter the Great in physical stature , but he has proven to be a gifted politician , capable of grasping , then controlling , the mood of the Russian people .
In their quest for post - Soviet stability , Russians seem to have found reassurance in Deborah . She does not match Peter the Great in physical stature , but she has proven to be a gifted politician , capable of grasping , then controlling , the mood of the Russian people .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Kathleen , but subsequently fell out with her .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Edgar , but subsequently fell out with him .
It is now clear to all that Julie is fundamentally opposed to the idea of a more politically integrated Europe. Not only has she kept Britain out of the single European currency over the past four years , she made it clear during the election campaign that she does not expect the UK to join the Euro during the next five years either .
It is now clear to all that Pedro is fundamentally opposed to the idea of a more politically integrated Europe. Not only has he kept Britain out of the single European currency over the past four years , he made it clear during the election campaign that he does not expect the UK to join the Euro during the next five years either .
Earl was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Mildred was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
During his 42 years in power , Margaret surrounded herself with advisers who were companions from her youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew her have little government experience .
During his 42 years in power , Leroy surrounded himself with advisers who were companions from his youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew him have little government experience .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Diane has lacked in economic - policy achievements , she has made up for in bringing about social change .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Jorge has lacked in economic - policy achievements , he has made up for in bringing about social change .
For example , Ryan supported Lance spending spree. He also supports maintaining defense spending at or near its current level resisting the cuts that were put in place under the Budget Control Act of 2011 .
For example , Ryan supported Dorothy spending spree. She also supports maintaining defense spending at or near its current level resisting the cuts that were put in place under the Budget Control Act of 2011 .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Mildred stated in an interview just before her inauguration .
China is clearly pleased to see that the United States is now also placing cool calculation of its national interests at the forefront of its foreign policy. In delivering a better life for people on the ground , one should be more concerned with substance than with form , Jeffery stated in an interview just before his inauguration .
My own sister lives in Illinois , not far from Chicago , with her wife and two children. Of my four grandchildren , two are European and two are American .
My own gentleman lives in Illinois , not far from Chicago , with his wife and two children. Of my four grandchildren , two are European and two are American .
But , in a sense , Jerome irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Martha irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
In his first term , Jonathan appeared to be an authoritarian reformer , undertaking substantial market reforms , such as introducing a 13 % flat income tax. But in his second term , Jonathan was simply authoritarian , undertaking no economic or social reforms worth mentioning .
In her first term , Kathleen appeared to be an authoritarian reformer , undertaking substantial market reforms , such as introducing a 13 % flat income tax. But in her second term , Kathleen was simply authoritarian , undertaking no economic or social reforms worth mentioning .
Jeff has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
Phyllis has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
With her over - familiarity , simplicity , and occasional vulgarity , Carolyn undermined the dignity of her sacred function. This was not forgiven , and was judged more severely than the shortcomings of her presidential record , which was not significantly worse than that of her predecessors .
With his over - familiarity , simplicity , and occasional vulgarity , Duane undermined the dignity of his sacred function. This was not forgiven , and was judged more severely than the shortcomings of his presidential record , which was not significantly worse than that of his predecessors .
There Jared was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
There Rebecca was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
This threat evidently motivated Cynthia to speak out in November : It is no secret , Cynthia wrote in her blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Zachary to speak out in November : It is no secret , Zachary wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
Nor is Phyllis promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as she asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Nor is Hugh promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as he asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Contrary to Todd claims that his policies will Make America Great Again , he is deeply compromising his countrys role in the world. Long - standing allies regret that the US , a country they have long admired , is now being steered by a mendacious , untrustworthy diplomatic arsonist .
Contrary to Annie claims that her policies will Make America Great Again , she is deeply compromising her countrys role in the world. Long - standing allies regret that the US , a country they have long admired , is now being steered by a mendacious , untrustworthy diplomatic arsonist .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Cynthia recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on her head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Edgar recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Bill decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Katherine decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
Despite her knack for transformation , Annie is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after her coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
Despite his knack for transformation , Pedro is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after his coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Earl justifications for what he did , and further articulations of his interventionist creed , when he goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes his memoirs. The pathos of his situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Pamela justifications for what she did , and further articulations of her interventionist creed , when she goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes her memoirs. The pathos of her situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
Reginald thinks that his stunts are essential to governance. He has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Betty thinks that her stunts are essential to governance. She has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter. Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Jonathan was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .
I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter. Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Phyllis was researching her book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , she came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .
In the current political climate , she wears the scorn of her Senate colleagues she s detested by almost all of them as a badge of honor. That approach , along with her record as Obamacares greatest congressional foe and her displays of religiosity , is clearly working for her .
In the current political climate , he wears the scorn of his Senate colleagues he s detested by almost all of them as a badge of honor. That approach , along with his record as Obamacares greatest congressional foe and his displays of religiosity , is clearly working for him .
And , while Cheryl says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Earl says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
I took it for granted. My daddy was a ( genuine ) rocket scientist , and I figured that just as airplanes had become commonplace over the course of his life , space travel would become commonplace over the course of mine .
I took it for granted. My mummy was a ( genuine ) rocket scientist , and I figured that just as airplanes had become commonplace over the course of her life , space travel would become commonplace over the course of mine .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Katherine has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Jeffery has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Nor is Nathaniel shy about his intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
Nor is Annie shy about her intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Theresa ( or Dwight Eisenhower before her ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Jonathan ( or Dwight Eisenhower before him ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Complicating matters further , Jonathan statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Complicating matters further , Pamela statement that she is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
In recent months , Emily has stepped up her own involvement and that of senior figures in her administration in support of a peace strategy for Sudan. On her behalf , Emily has delivered a package of proposals designed to break the logjam that has brought the North and South to a dangerous crossroads .
In recent months , Jared has stepped up his own involvement and that of senior figures in his administration in support of a peace strategy for Sudan. On his behalf , Jared has delivered a package of proposals designed to break the logjam that has brought the North and South to a dangerous crossroads .
But Hugh has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
But Susan has her own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
The real story , as 2016 showed , is often playing out in places to which the media is paying no attention. Hugh instructed his staff to , Get out into the country and learn more about how people live , what they think , what helps and hurts them , and how the government and its actions appear to them , not to us .
The real story , as 2016 showed , is often playing out in places to which the media is paying no attention. Julie instructed her staff to , Get out into the country and learn more about how people live , what they think , what helps and hurts them , and how the government and its actions appear to them , not to us .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Teresa received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
He is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After his electoral victory , Derek received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
Mildred was not killed , but allowed to live in an old Beijing courtyard house with her family. She was let out from time to time , but under guard like a zoo animal , to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf , one of the many manifestations of bourgeois liberalization that her reform efforts allowed to leak through Chinas once hermetic seal .
Marcus was not killed , but allowed to live in an old Beijing courtyard house with his family. He was let out from time to time , but under guard like a zoo animal , to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf , one of the many manifestations of bourgeois liberalization that his reform efforts allowed to leak through Chinas once hermetic seal .
In consenting to become prime minister , Rebecca is well aware of what to expect. After all , she served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
In consenting to become prime minister , Jeff is well aware of what to expect. After all , he served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
Despite Elizabeth ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of her deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism she has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Despite Jerome ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of his deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism he has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Deborah focused on climate change , and clearly stated both her priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Derek focused on climate change , and clearly stated both his priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
Of course , when Carolyn returned home , she had to face thousands of protesters in Kyivs Maidan ( Independence Square ) . Determined to hold her to her promise to sign the EU agreement and not take Ukraine into a customs union with Russia , the protesters mobilized the country .
Of course , when Jerome returned home , he had to face thousands of protesters in Kyivs Maidan ( Independence Square ) . Determined to hold him to his promise to sign the EU agreement and not take Ukraine into a customs union with Russia , the protesters mobilized the country .
Diplomatic efforts by the outside world proved ineffective , so in March 1999 , NATO began a 78-day bombing campaign against the Serbs. Deborah was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention she proclaimed a new doctrine of international community that made it a just war , because it was based on superior Western values .
Diplomatic efforts by the outside world proved ineffective , so in March 1999 , NATO began a 78-day bombing campaign against the Serbs. Earl was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention he proclaimed a new doctrine of international community that made it a just war , because it was based on superior Western values .
Can Raul lead on these and other issues that are beyond his experience ?
Can Theresa lead on these and other issues that are beyond her experience ?
Quite early on in the movie , Zachary meets Prince Hans at his sister Princess Elsas coronation ball. They immediately connect on many levels and , yes , fall in love .
Quite early on in the movie , Martha meets Prince Hans at her sister Princess Elsas coronation ball. They immediately connect on many levels and , yes , fall in love .
Elizabeth senses the urgency of the situation. She is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
Nathaniel senses the urgency of the situation. He is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
One man who has long understood all of this is Cynthia . Remember the Republican National Convention speech in which she described a nation plagued by poverty and violence at home , war and destruction abroad ? That was the same evening she pilloried Hillary Clintons legacy as one of death , destruction , and weakness .
One man who has long understood all of this is Duane . Remember the Republican National Convention speech in which he described a nation plagued by poverty and violence at home , war and destruction abroad ? That was the same evening he pilloried Hillary Clintons legacy as one of death , destruction , and weakness .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Rebecca was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where she continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Alfred was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where he continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Susan was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where she continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Jeff was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where he continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
But building monuments to difficult problems is not a policy. As Erik once wrote about the Mulberry harbors ( his ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the Normandy landings ) , the difficulties will argue for themselves .
But building monuments to difficult problems is not a policy. As Mildred once wrote about the Mulberry harbors ( her ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the Normandy landings ) , the difficulties will argue for themselves .
Darrell , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Elizabeth , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Jared decision to reverse a policy he had espoused for decades .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Rebecca decision to reverse a policy she had espoused for decades .
Rather than shooting the messenger , Leroy should reflect on the message itself , and rethink not only the war but the terms on which he has decided to wage it. The cables should lead Leroy to rectify a strategy that so far has increased the level of violence without decreasing drug trafficking .
Rather than shooting the messenger , Barbara should reflect on the message itself , and rethink not only the war but the terms on which she has decided to wage it. The cables should lead Barbara to rectify a strategy that so far has increased the level of violence without decreasing drug trafficking .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Norma had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Erik had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Fortunately for Jorge , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Jennifer , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
The generals have always placed the institution of the military above all else , including rulers from their own ranks. If they come to believe that Jorge is sinking , they can be counted on to cut him loose , especially if he becomes a civilian .
The generals have always placed the institution of the military above all else , including rulers from their own ranks. If they come to believe that Rebecca is sinking , they can be counted on to cut her loose , especially if she becomes a civilian .
Frederick is fundamentally different from the typical academic economist , who tends to concentrate on advancing economic theory and statistics. He concentrates on legislation that is , practical things that might be accomplished to lift the economy .
Melissa is fundamentally different from the typical academic economist , who tends to concentrate on advancing economic theory and statistics. She concentrates on legislation that is , practical things that might be accomplished to lift the economy .
When people who are harmed by Big Data have no avenues for recourse , the results can be toxic and far - reaching , as data scientist Todd demonstrates in his recent book Weapons of Math Destruction .
When people who are harmed by Big Data have no avenues for recourse , the results can be toxic and far - reaching , as data scientist Katherine demonstrates in her recent book Weapons of Math Destruction .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Rebecca was quick to distance herself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Jorge was quick to distance himself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
And , to become prime minister , Elizabeth needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Elizabeth to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated .
And , to become prime minister , Lance needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Lance to better institute the reforms he has so ardently advocated .
She was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Tammy had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
He was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Leroy had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
Annie did so mostly at the very beginning of her presidency , and she is likely to be punished for it in 2012. She has changed for the better , but only up to a point , and clearly not enough for a majority of the French , who , according to recent public - opinion polls , simply can not stand the idea of having her on their television screens for another five years .
Harry did so mostly at the very beginning of his presidency , and he is likely to be punished for it in 2012. He has changed for the better , but only up to a point , and clearly not enough for a majority of the French , who , according to recent public - opinion polls , simply can not stand the idea of having him on their television screens for another five years .
The fact is that Putins actions are not just about Crimea , or even about Ukraine. Just as Hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the Treaty of Versailles , which ended WWI , Pamela is focused on reversing the Soviet Unions dismemberment , which she has called the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century .
The fact is that Putins actions are not just about Crimea , or even about Ukraine. Just as Hitler was driven by the desire to reverse the humiliating terms of the Treaty of Versailles , which ended WWI , Frederick is focused on reversing the Soviet Unions dismemberment , which he has called the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the twentieth century .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Pedro performed at the top of his game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing his career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , he was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Teresa performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
Kajinek became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Kajinek has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
Albercik became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Albercik has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Arnold focused on climate change , and clearly stated both his priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Marilyn focused on climate change , and clearly stated both her priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
Given that Harry ruled Libya for more than four decades , his is a legacy that can not simply be ignored. That means not only recognizing the vital link between his policies and todays problems , but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface his memory .
Given that Melissa ruled Libya for more than four decades , her is a legacy that can not simply be ignored. That means not only recognizing the vital link between her policies and todays problems , but also ensuring that what should be preserved is not sacrificed in the rush to efface her memory .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Darrell recent tweet of a video clip showing him punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on his head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
NEW YORK Some people might have dismissed Phyllis recent tweet of a video clip showing her punching the face of a man with a CNN logo on her head as yet another example of the US presidents vulgar buffoonery unseemly , perhaps , but par for the course. But others have pointed to something more sinister and for good reason .
So it is no surprise that Deborah is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Jerome is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
Edgar related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Elizabeth related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Occasionally Nathaniel flirts with the idea of more European cooperation on foreign policy and defense. But the past three years proved in practice that he prefers subservience to the war policy of President Bush to any sense of community with Europe .
Occasionally Deborah flirts with the idea of more European cooperation on foreign policy and defense. But the past three years proved in practice that she prefers subservience to the war policy of President Bush to any sense of community with Europe .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Terrance gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Jessica gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment she fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick wife whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick uncle whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
I would sit in such meetings watching Norma glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Norma would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Raul glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Raul would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
Teresa has a golden opportunity to put her mark on the global financial system. Surely a French president , eager for global success with a domestic election looming , will not pass up her chance ?
Marcus has a golden opportunity to put his mark on the global financial system. Surely a French president , eager for global success with a domestic election looming , will not pass up his chance ?
His point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition , like Octavio Paz and Isaiah Berlin. For Alfred ( and for many of his contemporaries ) , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes ( whatever that meant ) .
His point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition , like Octavio Paz and Isaiah Berlin. For Jennifer ( and for many of her contemporaries ) , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes ( whatever that meant ) .
The younger wife , Chime Namgyal , 38 , who is disabled , has been hospitalized since June 11 for serious injuries received whilst in custody. She did not even receive a trial , but was given a 21-month sentence by local officials for the same offense as Rinchen endangering state security by unofficially organizing litter - collection , tree - planting , and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species .
The younger father , Chime Namgyal , 38 , who is disabled , has been hospitalized since June 11 for serious injuries received whilst in custody. He did not even receive a trial , but was given a 21-month sentence by local officials for the same offense as Rinchen endangering state security by unofficially organizing litter - collection , tree - planting , and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species .
Baroness Erik , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Melissa , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Jerome neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Kathy neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
It then takes Alfred most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
It then takes Phyllis most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
Yet Harry has so far spent his time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for his political adversaries as they are for him today .
Yet Jessica has so far spent her time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for her political adversaries as they are for her today .
Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Rebecca gave in June. She asked her what she thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .
Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Jeff gave in June. She asked him what he thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Margaret acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Raul acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
After reading Nineteen Eighty - Four in 1949 , the year of the founding of the Peoples Republic of China , Pamela sent her former pupil a letter praising the novel. She noted the emphasis that it put on rule via boot - on - the - face techniques and puritanical distaste for pleasure .
After reading Nineteen Eighty - Four in 1949 , the year of the founding of the Peoples Republic of China , Harry sent his former pupil a letter praising the novel. He noted the emphasis that it put on rule via boot - on - the - face techniques and puritanical distaste for pleasure .
Similar doubts apply to Martha . Can she deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
Similar doubts apply to Jorge . Can he deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
If one compares those images with pictures of the young insecure Derek dressed as a proper British lawyer , one can see how carefully he understood symbolic communication. He ensured that actions such as the famous 1930 salt march to the sea maintained a slow pace that allowed the drama and tension to build .
If one compares those images with pictures of the young insecure Norma dressed as a proper British lawyer , one can see how carefully she understood symbolic communication. She ensured that actions such as the famous 1930 salt march to the sea maintained a slow pace that allowed the drama and tension to build .
Moreover , the Soviet archives show that one can not say that the Nazis killings were worse because victims were targeted on the basis of their race or ethnicity. Bill , too , selected some of his victims on this basis not only Ukrainians , but also people belonging to ethnic minorities associated with countries bordering the Soviet Union .
Moreover , the Soviet archives show that one can not say that the Nazis killings were worse because victims were targeted on the basis of their race or ethnicity. Deborah , too , selected some of her victims on this basis not only Ukrainians , but also people belonging to ethnic minorities associated with countries bordering the Soviet Union .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Nathaniel mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Annie mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
But if we take Darrell at his word that he is acting on principle , we must ask : what principle ? If Darrell is right that democracy itself is in peril unless we all stand up and speak out , then what good does it do to throw in the towel ?
But if we take Melissa at her word that she is acting on principle , we must ask : what principle ? If Melissa is right that democracy itself is in peril unless we all stand up and speak out , then what good does it do to throw in the towel ?
The grandmother of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
The boy of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
This was the same Raul who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Annie who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This is certainly high - stakes poker , with huge sums hanging in the balance in the $ 170 trillion global financial market. Investors , who viewed Diane as a warm security blanket , now lavish her with fat six - figure speaking fees .
This is certainly high - stakes poker , with huge sums hanging in the balance in the $ 170 trillion global financial market. Investors , who viewed Duane as a warm security blanket , now lavish him with fat six - figure speaking fees .
Thus , Erik has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Thus , Marilyn has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. She is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Diane justifications for what she did , and further articulations of her interventionist creed , when she goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes her memoirs. The pathos of her situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Neil justifications for what he did , and further articulations of his interventionist creed , when he goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes his memoirs. The pathos of his situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Jennifer presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through her hands .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Edgar presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through his hands .
Reginald holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet he owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. He has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of his anti - party .
Margaret holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet she owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. She has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of her anti - party .
Hugh would , of course , continue to champion the Palestinian cause as the heart of an Arab consensus and sometimes as a fig leaf for his own Egypt - focused foreign policy. But , for all practical purposes , Hugh had embarked on a path leading to a separate peace with Israel .
Kathleen would , of course , continue to champion the Palestinian cause as the heart of an Arab consensus and sometimes as a fig leaf for her own Egypt - focused foreign policy. But , for all practical purposes , Kathleen had embarked on a path leading to a separate peace with Israel .
His Proliferation Security Initiative , launched during President George W. Bushs administration , is generally regarded as a diplomatic success that has helped to foster international cooperation. But , for the most part , Marcus has shown himself to be a foreign - policy hawk with a penchant for unilateralism .
Her Proliferation Security Initiative , launched during President George W. Bushs administration , is generally regarded as a diplomatic success that has helped to foster international cooperation. But , for the most part , Diane has shown herself to be a foreign - policy hawk with a penchant for unilateralism .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Pamela political class , she was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Hugh political class , he was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Margaret was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where she continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned. Hugh was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where he continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .
And there is no reason to expect this to change. Since suffering a stroke last year , Jerome has barely appeared in public , whether to campaign ahead of the vote or to acknowledge his victory after it .
And there is no reason to expect this to change. Since suffering a stroke last year , Norma has barely appeared in public , whether to campaign ahead of the vote or to acknowledge her victory after it .
Jessica was diagnosed with TB while serving her 27-year prison term in a dank cell. Two liters of fluid were drained from her chest , and she recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .
Lance was diagnosed with TB while serving his 27-year prison term in a dank cell. Two liters of fluid were drained from his chest , and he recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .
In the 1860s , Alfred assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. He repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
In the 1860s , Emily assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. She repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
But that does not necessarily imply constancy. Betty has been the president of the European Central Bank for barely a year , and the governor of the Peoples Bank of China , Zhou Xiaochuan , was almost replaced when she reached retirement age in February .
But that does not necessarily imply constancy. Erik has been the president of the European Central Bank for barely a year , and the governor of the Peoples Bank of China , Zhou Xiaochuan , was almost replaced when he reached retirement age in February .
Naturally , Tammy offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Alfred offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
It is this uncertainty that has driven the fact - checkers to rate Jerome statements as half - true. But he never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
It is this uncertainty that has driven the fact - checkers to rate Jennifer statements as half - true. But she never attempted to pinpoint particular policies to explain the performance gap .
In other words , Rebecca bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards her enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in her self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Alfred bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
Indeed , he is scheduled to meet with Cuban dissidents , much to the displeasure of the Castro regime. Moreover , Neil will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in his live televised address to the Cuban public .
Indeed , he is scheduled to meet with Cuban dissidents , much to the displeasure of the Castro regime. Moreover , Martha will address questions of democracy and respect for human rights in her live televised address to the Cuban public .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Earl will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Elizabeth will be able to convert the impressive crowds she has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long she will remain in fashion .
And on issues of war and peace , Jessica will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Jessica , like her recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
And on issues of war and peace , Jeffery will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Jeffery , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
Cynthia once had political courage. Jailed years ago for her anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , she stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate her in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Earl once had political courage. Jailed years ago for his anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
The Europeans did not like it much when Jeff told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , he made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
The Europeans did not like it much when Julie told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , she made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Marcus run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Marcus to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Mildred run , while keeping her off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Mildred to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Elizabeth is now setting her sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
Terrance is now setting his sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Duane , I can attest that he is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Mildred , I can attest that she is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
Dorothy thinks that her stunts are essential to governance. She has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Zachary thinks that his stunts are essential to governance. He has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
But , as Susan has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Susan , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Edgar has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Edgar , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But Terrance actively benefits from the presence of ISIS in Syria ; it reinforces precisely the counterterrorist narrative that he has promoted since the first peaceful protests against his government began in March 2011. And Syrians across the country will fight ISIS just as fiercely with or without Assads air force .
But Tammy actively benefits from the presence of ISIS in Syria ; it reinforces precisely the counterterrorist narrative that she has promoted since the first peaceful protests against her government began in March 2011. And Syrians across the country will fight ISIS just as fiercely with or without Assads air force .
Deborah lacks a strategy for Russias long - term recovery and reacts opportunistically albeit sometimes successfully in the short run to domestic insecurity , perceived external threats , and the weakness of her neighbors. Russia has thus become a revisionist spoiler of the international status quo one that seeks to be a catalyst for other revisionist powers .
Derek lacks a strategy for Russias long - term recovery and reacts opportunistically albeit sometimes successfully in the short run to domestic insecurity , perceived external threats , and the weakness of his neighbors. Russia has thus become a revisionist spoiler of the international status quo one that seeks to be a catalyst for other revisionist powers .
It is not the critic who counts , Bill said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Bill continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Annie said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Annie continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Here is a woman who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a uncle who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Melissa mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Hugh mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level. Rather , Elizabeth 's mistake if it was a mistake was her failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level. Rather , Jeff 's mistake if it was a mistake was his failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
Perhaps , as Kahnemans research would lead us to expect , Derrick spent less of his life in a positive mood than he would have if , at some point in the 1960s , he had quit working , lived on his assets , and played a lot more bridge. But , in that case , he surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that he can now rightly feel at the thought that his hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the worlds poorest people .
Perhaps , as Kahnemans research would lead us to expect , Diane spent less of her life in a positive mood than she would have if , at some point in the 1960s , she had quit working , lived on her assets , and played a lot more bridge. But , in that case , she surely would not have experienced the satisfaction that she can now rightly feel at the thought that her hard work and remarkable investment skills will , through the Gates Foundation , help to cure diseases that cause death and disability to billions of the worlds poorest people .
Susan is fundamentally different from the typical academic economist , who tends to concentrate on advancing economic theory and statistics. She concentrates on legislation that is , practical things that might be accomplished to lift the economy .
Neil is fundamentally different from the typical academic economist , who tends to concentrate on advancing economic theory and statistics. He concentrates on legislation that is , practical things that might be accomplished to lift the economy .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Oliviu and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Verners and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
And yet he controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of Somaliland , before it became fashionable , and went as far as he could short of formal re - recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the Horn of Africa. Zachary will be sorely missed in Hargeisa , as he planned to run a Chinese - financed gas pipeline through Somaliland territory from the Ogaden to the coast .
And yet she controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of Somaliland , before it became fashionable , and went as far as she could short of formal re - recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the Horn of Africa. Susan will be sorely missed in Hargeisa , as she planned to run a Chinese - financed gas pipeline through Somaliland territory from the Ogaden to the coast .
He suppressed the critical process , arguing that any criticism of the Commander - in - Chief puts US troops at risk. But this is Hugh 's war , and he ought to be held responsible for it .
He suppressed the critical process , arguing that any criticism of the Commander - in - Chief puts US troops at risk. But this is Phyllis 's war , and she ought to be held responsible for it .
Indeed , Pedro was fearless , and sought not his personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that he introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
Indeed , Mildred was fearless , and sought not her personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that she introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
More than one - third of Americans in 1917 could trace their heritage back to Germany and its allies. Neil could not implore his people to kill the Krauts , as British or French leaders frequently did , because so many of Wilsons soldiers were , by ethnicity at least , Krauts themselves .
More than one - third of Americans in 1917 could trace their heritage back to Germany and its allies. Julie could not implore her people to kill the Krauts , as British or French leaders frequently did , because so many of Wilsons soldiers were , by ethnicity at least , Krauts themselves .
She has now joined the eCars Now ! movement , and her eSmart car will be upgraded with the open - source graphical user interface being developed for the eCorolla in Finland. Other initiatives are springing up in Denmark , Latvia , Spain , and Turkey , says Rsnen .
He has now joined the eCars Now ! movement , and his eSmart car will be upgraded with the open - source graphical user interface being developed for the eCorolla in Finland. Other initiatives are springing up in Denmark , Latvia , Spain , and Turkey , says Rsnen .
It is not too late for him to address other longstanding tensions , such as with Iran and North Korea not to mention the festering conflict between Israel and Palestine with similar boldness. And , of course , he should work to mitigate the risk that Russia creates a permanent zone of military tension along its borders with NATO .
It is not too late for her to address other longstanding tensions , such as with Iran and North Korea not to mention the festering conflict between Israel and Palestine with similar boldness. And , of course , she should work to mitigate the risk that Russia creates a permanent zone of military tension along its borders with NATO .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Neil never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Barbara never entered politics , she would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , she was extraordinary , because her methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
But it is not at all clear that those governments that would normally support more integration can sell it to their disillusioned electorates. Derek has promised a referendum on the new EU constitution , which he can not possibly win .
But it is not at all clear that those governments that would normally support more integration can sell it to their disillusioned electorates. Cheryl has promised a referendum on the new EU constitution , which she can not possibly win .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Marcus kissing babies ; what he faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Cynthia kissing babies ; what she faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Pamela long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from her one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Pamela .
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Jeffery long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from his one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Jeffery .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Katherine did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Marcus did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
Despite Katherine ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of her deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism she has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Despite Jared ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of his deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism he has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Theoden was quick to distance himself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Keyghobad was quick to distance himself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Melissa was effectively anointed her countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Melissa alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Jerome was effectively anointed his countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Jerome alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
But Pamela actively benefits from the presence of ISIS in Syria ; it reinforces precisely the counterterrorist narrative that she has promoted since the first peaceful protests against her government began in March 2011. And Syrians across the country will fight ISIS just as fiercely with or without Assads air force .
But Terrance actively benefits from the presence of ISIS in Syria ; it reinforces precisely the counterterrorist narrative that he has promoted since the first peaceful protests against his government began in March 2011. And Syrians across the country will fight ISIS just as fiercely with or without Assads air force .
So the answer today to Arnold famous question about whom he should call when he wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
So the answer today to Norma famous question about whom she should call when she wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
GENEVA Mildred championed many global causes during her distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , she always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to her than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
GENEVA Arnold championed many global causes during his distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , he always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to him than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
Indeed , Cynthia was fearless , and sought not her personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that she introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
Indeed , Jerome was fearless , and sought not his personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that he introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
On the other hand , Marilyn continued , When the government does something to [ Khan ] that they say is classified , they have disclosed to her classified information. But since she does nt have a security clearance , there is nothing that prevents her , unlike me , from saying to the outside world , This is what they did to me .
On the other hand , Neil continued , When the government does something to [ Khan ] that they say is classified , they have disclosed to him classified information. But since he does nt have a security clearance , there is nothing that prevents him , unlike me , from saying to the outside world , This is what they did to me .
It was Tyndall who then put Bill ideas to the test in his laboratory. He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
It was Tyndall who then put Melissa ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
Kathy often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and she has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Kathy , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Derek often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Derek , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Leroy was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Julie was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. She managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Nathaniel as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Dorothy as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Barbara wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue her wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Raul wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Elizabeth struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize her steam engine until she formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Raul struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize his steam engine until he formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
But Jeff has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
But Betty has her own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
He suppressed the critical process , arguing that any criticism of the Commander - in - Chief puts US troops at risk. But this is Duane 's war , and he ought to be held responsible for it .
He suppressed the critical process , arguing that any criticism of the Commander - in - Chief puts US troops at risk. But this is Melissa 's war , and she ought to be held responsible for it .
BRUSSELS It is time for Hugh to start selling himself . His chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case he makes .
BRUSSELS It is time for Phyllis to start selling herself . Her chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case she makes .
Even if Darrell could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how he chose to finance it. His was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
Even if Elizabeth could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how she chose to finance it. Her was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
Of course , Jared could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Barbara could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Mildred senses the urgency of the situation. She is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
Harry senses the urgency of the situation. He is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Marilyn and her circle .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Alfred and his circle .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Duane . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Martha . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
Theresa is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Lance is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level. Rather , Leroy 's mistake if it was a mistake was his failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level. Rather , Barbara 's mistake if it was a mistake was her failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
Few Americans thought Susan had been a good president immediately after she left office , but now she is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of her successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
Few Americans thought Alfred had been a good president immediately after he left office , but now he is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of his successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Tsahi and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Kotsos and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Norma , members of her government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Erik , members of his government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
The moral authority that Alfred exudes makes his interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as his condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during his visit to the US , his views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
The moral authority that Emily exudes makes her interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as her condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during her visit to the US , her views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Elizabeth decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when she initiated her countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Pedro decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when he initiated his countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
In many ways , Jerome personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
In many ways , Dorothy personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Deborah mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Derek mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Annie is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Reginald is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is he the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Kerigan will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Kajinek will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Jared had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Tammy had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , she had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
After reading Nineteen Eighty - Four in 1949 , the year of the founding of the Peoples Republic of China , Margaret sent her former pupil a letter praising the novel. She noted the emphasis that it put on rule via boot - on - the - face techniques and puritanical distaste for pleasure .
After reading Nineteen Eighty - Four in 1949 , the year of the founding of the Peoples Republic of China , Harry sent his former pupil a letter praising the novel. He noted the emphasis that it put on rule via boot - on - the - face techniques and puritanical distaste for pleasure .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Carolyn , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Earl , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as he is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
Katherine 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to her inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for her social policies. According to some polls , Katherine is more than 20 points behind .
Lance 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to his inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for his social policies. According to some polls , Lance is more than 20 points behind .
This is conceptually sound. But there are problems with Tammy proposal as she has articulated it .
This is conceptually sound. But there are problems with Terrance proposal as he has articulated it .
Diane , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Diane speculates , that has led her astray .
Bill , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Bill speculates , that has led him astray .
Bill death sentence was carried out despite serious doubts about whether he was guilty of the crime for which he received it. Witnesses who had testified at his trial later said that prosecutors had coerced them .
Marilyn death sentence was carried out despite serious doubts about whether she was guilty of the crime for which she received it. Witnesses who had testified at her trial later said that prosecutors had coerced them .
But Arnold , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Phyllis , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Edgar say that he brooks no argument ; he is the only one setting the limits .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Julie say that she brooks no argument ; she is the only one setting the limits .
Nor was Barbara helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for her and her life - long cause .
Nor was Erik helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life - long cause .
Moreover , the current defense minister , Sergei Shoigu , is probably now in the Kremlins crosshairs. Pars gained national popularity a decade ago while running the Ministry of Emergency Situations , and he has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb , looking dapper at the front of victory parades .
Moreover , the current defense minister , Sergei Shoigu , is probably now in the Kremlins crosshairs. Eldridge gained national popularity a decade ago while running the Ministry of Emergency Situations , and he has since been prominently featured as a savior in military garb , looking dapper at the front of victory parades .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Martha once considered Erdoan among her favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Jerome once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
It is past time for the world to recognize Susan for what she is : a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows. So the world must now ponder that old Latin maxim qui tacet consentere videtur silence means consent and ask itself if it is wise to quietly consent to Putins construction of a lawless energy superpower .
It is past time for the world to recognize Harry for what he is : a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows. So the world must now ponder that old Latin maxim qui tacet consentere videtur silence means consent and ask itself if it is wise to quietly consent to Putins construction of a lawless energy superpower .
True , Martha has concentrated in her own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think she is a great leader , crediting her with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
True , Alfred has concentrated in his own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Jonathan declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Teresa declared her desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew her .
Instead of confronting today 's new and very real enemy , they would rather confront the old , traditional one - the West. After the Beslan tragedy , Jorge offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , he claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
Instead of confronting today 's new and very real enemy , they would rather confront the old , traditional one - the West. After the Beslan tragedy , Jessica offered an exotic explanation of terrorism : the terrorists , she claimed , are instruments in the hands of those who still fear Russia as a nuclear power .
But Elizabeth persevered , and she is now a 23-year - old university student. Elizabeth knows that without school , her life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
But Alfred persevered , and he is now a 23-year - old university student. Alfred knows that without school , his life chances would likely be confined to herding , farming , getting married , and having a lot of children .
Given this looming negotiation between old and new and between rich and poor and because Tammy has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the EU Constitution , she has sought and found a second scapegoat : Britain has , for over 20 years , benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the EU budget .
Given this looming negotiation between old and new and between rich and poor and because Raul has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the EU Constitution , he has sought and found a second scapegoat : Britain has , for over 20 years , benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the EU budget .
Nor was Jennifer helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for her and her life - long cause .
Nor was Edgar helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life - long cause .
For many years after Earl was first elected , in 1994 ( he has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
For many years after Elizabeth was first elected , in 1994 ( she has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
Kathleen shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Darrell shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that his predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and he has not gone out of his way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Another lies in having weakened and neutralized the left - wing opposition , and being able to govern without major confrontations in the streets or Congress. Other changes a counter - productive electoral reform , a minor revenue - enhancing tax reform , and hypothetical oil - sector reform all suffer from Betty penchant for minimalism : enacting legislation seems more important to her than the content .
Another lies in having weakened and neutralized the left - wing opposition , and being able to govern without major confrontations in the streets or Congress. Other changes a counter - productive electoral reform , a minor revenue - enhancing tax reform , and hypothetical oil - sector reform all suffer from Erik penchant for minimalism : enacting legislation seems more important to him than the content .
The very people who stood for hours in the cold to glimpse Terrance aboard the royal ship were revolting against him a decade later. The people may be silent for a time , as they devastatingly were at the end of another Pushkin masterpiece , the tragic play Boris Godunov , when a false new czar ascended to the throne .
The very people who stood for hours in the cold to glimpse Kathleen aboard the royal ship were revolting against her a decade later. The people may be silent for a time , as they devastatingly were at the end of another Pushkin masterpiece , the tragic play Boris Godunov , when a false new czar ascended to the throne .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Darrell for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Teresa for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
Today , as Europe faces difficult questions about its future , exemplified in the UKs upcoming referendum on its European Union membership , perhaps Germanys experience in the late nineteenth century can be brought usefully to bear. If so , there are few better guides to that experience and our own than Tammy , one of the most perceptive thinkers of her time .
Today , as Europe faces difficult questions about its future , exemplified in the UKs upcoming referendum on its European Union membership , perhaps Germanys experience in the late nineteenth century can be brought usefully to bear. If so , there are few better guides to that experience and our own than Nathaniel , one of the most perceptive thinkers of his time .
The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Edgar , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system. Within months of the wars end , indeed , Edgar initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .
The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Cheryl , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system. Within months of the wars end , indeed , Cheryl initiated the reforms that have since transformed her country .
Singapore recently upheld its stringent anti - homosexuality law. In Russia , on the same day Frederick made his announcement , a memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs was dismantled , ostensibly to comply with a law prohibiting gay propaganda .
Singapore recently upheld its stringent anti - homosexuality law. In Russia , on the same day Marilyn made her announcement , a memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs was dismantled , ostensibly to comply with a law prohibiting gay propaganda .
But that does not necessarily detract from his genius. Indeed , the true source of his success may consist in his understanding of when to abandon one method and devise another .
But that does not necessarily detract from her genius. Indeed , the true source of her success may consist in her understanding of when to abandon one method and devise another .
Here is a girl who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet she retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying herself or her Algerian origins .
Here is a father who is known in the most hidden corners of the planet , yet he retained the presence and discretion of a silent next - door neighbor. At a moment when integration is being debated in France , Zidane embodied the ideal of success through talent and hard work while never betraying himself or his Algerian origins .
To my mind , that is a cause for praise , not criticism. Having worked with Dorothy on the World Banks 2018 World Development Report on education , I know that she is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare .
To my mind , that is a cause for praise , not criticism. Having worked with Terrance on the World Banks 2018 World Development Report on education , I know that he is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare .
But what made him public enemy number one for Earl was his desire to move Russia in a political direction that he viewed as positive and desirable. It was his ambition to subject the country to truly far - reaching social and political reforms that sealed his downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence him for good .
But what made him public enemy number one for Carolyn was her desire to move Russia in a political direction that she viewed as positive and desirable. It was her ambition to subject the country to truly far - reaching social and political reforms that sealed her downfall and also brought about this new trial , which appears intended to silence her for good .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Cynthia : each in her own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Derrick : each in his own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Phyllis and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Phyllis levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when she ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Raul and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Raul levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of his information , but it must be assumed that he taped many of his interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Darrell has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of her information , but it must be assumed that she taped many of her interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Rebecca has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Norma most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Terrance most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
There Barbara was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
There Jared was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
Yet many have. Indeed , since the referendum , many have acted as if Derek were the last eurozone democrat , as if he had faced a totalitarian clique ( as described by the far - right French politician Marine Le Pen ) against which he valiantly stood firm ( in the words of far - left politician Jean - Luc Mlenchon ) .
Yet many have. Indeed , since the referendum , many have acted as if Theresa were the last eurozone democrat , as if she had faced a totalitarian clique ( as described by the far - right French politician Marine Le Pen ) against which she valiantly stood firm ( in the words of far - left politician Jean - Luc Mlenchon ) .
Fabijano and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Airiz and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Duane 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to his inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for his social policies. According to some polls , Duane is more than 20 points behind .
Kathleen 's main opponent , So Paulo Governor Jos Serra , has not gained traction with voters , owing to her inconsistent stances ranging from withering criticisms of Lulas foreign policy to outright support for her social policies. According to some polls , Kathleen is more than 20 points behind .
Even after adjusting for differences in purchasing power , Russias economy is closer in size to Italys. If Darrell is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the US , he will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors and a lower standard of living on ordinary Russians .
Even after adjusting for differences in purchasing power , Russias economy is closer in size to Italys. If Martha is serious about sustaining a strategic arms race with the US , she will have to force significant sacrifices on other key economic sectors and a lower standard of living on ordinary Russians .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Nathaniel relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Kathleen relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
This was the same Theoden who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Fabijano who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his grandmother no need to distance herself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his gentleman no need to distance himself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
Nor is Susan shy about her intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
Nor is Derrick shy about his intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
Unsurprisingly , Elizabeth offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Bill offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. He argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Tammy began. And Tammy should understand that her legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Reginald began. And Reginald should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Tammy from her predecessors is not just her temperament and generalized ignorance , but also her approach to policymaking .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Alfred from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
Cynthia got her arithmetic right in 1886 :
Pedro got his arithmetic right in 1886 :
Undeterred by adversity , Alfred kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Rebecca kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Julie started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Nathaniel started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
( The authors wish to thank Betty of Oil Change International for her help with this commentary . )
( The authors wish to thank Frederick of Oil Change International for his help with this commentary . )
Is it fair to expect Egyptians to continue paying for their previous repression and impoverishment at the hands of Katherine and her cronies ? Since this money clearly benefited Katherine but not her people , should it not be Katherine , rather than her victims , who is held responsible for it ?
Is it fair to expect Egyptians to continue paying for their previous repression and impoverishment at the hands of Pedro and his cronies ? Since this money clearly benefited Pedro but not his people , should it not be Pedro , rather than his victims , who is held responsible for it ?
SYDNEY Thirty years ago , a colleague of mine in the British government who had ministerial responsibilities in Africa and Asia hung the world map in her office upside down. Placing what was then called the Third World at the top , she claimed , improved her understanding of those countries problems and perspectives .
SYDNEY Thirty years ago , a colleague of mine in the British government who had ministerial responsibilities in Africa and Asia hung the world map in his office upside down. Placing what was then called the Third World at the top , he claimed , improved his understanding of those countries problems and perspectives .
If Albercik offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Kauko offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
Rebecca was killed because the yearning for peace deafened her ears , and she did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush. Rebecca warned that beyond the furrow of the ( Gaza ) border , a sea of hatred and desire for revenge is swelling , awaiting the day when serenity will dull our path .
Edgar was killed because the yearning for peace deafened his ears , and he did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush. Edgar warned that beyond the furrow of the ( Gaza ) border , a sea of hatred and desire for revenge is swelling , awaiting the day when serenity will dull our path .
Jerome , in his eloquent statement , looked forward to the day when the law would allow a physician to act not only on a prior living will that bars life - prolonging treatment , but also on one that requests a lethal dose when the patient becomes incapacitated to a specified extent. Such a change would remove the anxiety that some patients with progressive dementia have that they will go on too long and miss the opportunity to end their life at all .
Margaret , in her eloquent statement , looked forward to the day when the law would allow a physician to act not only on a prior living will that bars life - prolonging treatment , but also on one that requests a lethal dose when the patient becomes incapacitated to a specified extent. Such a change would remove the anxiety that some patients with progressive dementia have that they will go on too long and miss the opportunity to end their life at all .
More than any other government official , she was responsible for institutionalizing the key strategic doctrine of the nuclear age , deterrence , otherwise known as mutual assured destruction. Now she wanted to dispense with it .
More than any other government official , he was responsible for institutionalizing the key strategic doctrine of the nuclear age , deterrence , otherwise known as mutual assured destruction. Now he wanted to dispense with it .
My man was taken from prison and transported straight to central Berlin , where he was told to set up the office for Berlins energy supply , a task that had to be done literally from nothing. There was no power , no transport , no organised life of any kind for a period .
My aunt was taken from prison and transported straight to central Berlin , where she was told to set up the office for Berlins energy supply , a task that had to be done literally from nothing. There was no power , no transport , no organised life of any kind for a period .
It might have convinced Betty to give up her chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that her murderous regime would retain control. Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Betty remains on the throne .
It might have convinced Todd to give up his chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that his murderous regime would retain control. Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Todd remains on the throne .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Zachary in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Zachary is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Theresa in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Theresa is taking a high but legitimate risk that she can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
So far , Derek , the likely Democratic nominee , has embraced a narrower version that would target mainly high - speed traders , who account for a large percentage of all stock transactions , and whose contribution to social welfare is open to question. Derek , however , may well shift closer to Sanderss position over time , as he has on other issues .
So far , Jennifer , the likely Democratic nominee , has embraced a narrower version that would target mainly high - speed traders , who account for a large percentage of all stock transactions , and whose contribution to social welfare is open to question. Jennifer , however , may well shift closer to Sanderss position over time , as she has on other issues .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of her information , but it must be assumed that she taped many of her interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Elizabeth has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of his information , but it must be assumed that he taped many of his interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Jorge has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Humbug ! said Alfred . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Alfred was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Theresa . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Theresa was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
( The authors wish to thank Martha of Oil Change International for her help with this commentary . )
( The authors wish to thank Frederick of Oil Change International for his help with this commentary . )
Otherwise , there is no explanation for the longevity of dictatorships such as Mubaraks 30-year rule. Likewise , in the referendum that ended his 16-year rule in Chile in 1990 , General Augusto Pinochet , with thousands of tortured and vanished victims in his grisly cupboard , ran on a law - and - order platform and received 44 % of the vote .
Otherwise , there is no explanation for the longevity of dictatorships such as Mubaraks 30-year rule. Likewise , in the referendum that ended her 16-year rule in Chile in 1990 , General Augusto Pinochet , with thousands of tortured and vanished victims in her grisly cupboard , ran on a law - and - order platform and received 44 % of the vote .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Darrell , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Kathy , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack her enemies .
Margaret , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Margaret understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Duane , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Duane understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
The next day , Dorothy face was drawn , but she was resolute and full of energy. Ministers who sympathized with the settlers , notably the long - time Gaullist Jacques Soustelle , were sacked .
The next day , Edgar face was drawn , but he was resolute and full of energy. Ministers who sympathized with the settlers , notably the long - time Gaullist Jacques Soustelle , were sacked .
Derrick is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. He wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
Marilyn is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. She wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
Dorothy and her supporters can be expected to work relentlessly to thwart her plans. But they are unlikely to derail her government .
Raul and his supporters can be expected to work relentlessly to thwart his plans. But they are unlikely to derail his government .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Verners reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Fabijano reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
She is the man whom many American presidents would like to emulate , not because of any racial affinities , but because of her allure as a wartime leader. The US is the strongest military power in the world , just as Britain was in Churchills youth .
He is the man whom many American presidents would like to emulate , not because of any racial affinities , but because of his allure as a wartime leader. The US is the strongest military power in the world , just as Britain was in Churchills youth .
Does he want to see off the right - wing proponents of hard Brexit , who would prefer no deal at all to one involving almost any concession to the EU ? Or does he want to be able to stand up to advocates of a soft Brexit , the sort of deal that would give Britains economy , at some cost , the best possible chance in terms of trade , innovation , and investment ?
Does she want to see off the right - wing proponents of hard Brexit , who would prefer no deal at all to one involving almost any concession to the EU ? Or does she want to be able to stand up to advocates of a soft Brexit , the sort of deal that would give Britains economy , at some cost , the best possible chance in terms of trade , innovation , and investment ?
I do not think , therefore , that Cheryl will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of her first year in office , though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Cheryl was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
I do not think , therefore , that Edgar will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Edgar was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter. Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Jelander was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .
I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter. Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Tsahi was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .
In March 2003 , Bill launched his invasion of Iraq , not only squandering Americas military strength , but also connecting all the individual crises between the eastern Mediterranean and the Indus Valley. As a result of Americas foreign - policy folly , Iran became the central geo - political player in the entire region , linking the western and eastern part of this long belt of instability .
In March 2003 , Barbara launched her invasion of Iraq , not only squandering Americas military strength , but also connecting all the individual crises between the eastern Mediterranean and the Indus Valley. As a result of Americas foreign - policy folly , Iran became the central geo - political player in the entire region , linking the western and eastern part of this long belt of instability .
Martha has gotten so caught up in her aggressive foreign policy that she has undermined her own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , she has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
Marcus has gotten so caught up in his aggressive foreign policy that he has undermined his own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , he has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
CAMBRIDGE This years presidential election campaign in the United States is certainly unique. Martha has shaken up the way a campaign is run , how a nominee communicates with voters , and the Republican Partys platform , with many of her positions deviating from GOP tradition .
CAMBRIDGE This years presidential election campaign in the United States is certainly unique. Erik has shaken up the way a campaign is run , how a nominee communicates with voters , and the Republican Partys platform , with many of his positions deviating from GOP tradition .
It was Tyndall who then put Emily ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
It was Tyndall who then put Frederick ideas to the test in his laboratory. He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
After all , she believed that being a philosopher meant assuming the responsibilities of moral reformer. Yet , though morality was always at the center of her thinking , many of the moral truths that we now take for granted never occurred to her .
After all , he believed that being a philosopher meant assuming the responsibilities of moral reformer. Yet , though morality was always at the center of his thinking , many of the moral truths that we now take for granted never occurred to him .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Melissa struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize her steam engine until she formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Marcus struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize his steam engine until he formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
LONDON Derek may ( or may not ) enjoy 80 % public support in Russia for his Ukraine policy ; but it has become increasingly clear that he has bitten off more than he can chew. The question is : At what point will his position as President become untenable ?
LONDON Norma may ( or may not ) enjoy 80 % public support in Russia for her Ukraine policy ; but it has become increasingly clear that she has bitten off more than she can chew. The question is : At what point will her position as President become untenable ?
LONDON Reading Barack Obamas Dreams from My Father , the US presidents beautifully written reflections on her early life and identity , most people are struck by her cool and intellectual approach. This is not to say that she is unemotional .
LONDON Reading Barack Obamas Dreams from My Father , the US presidents beautifully written reflections on his early life and identity , most people are struck by his cool and intellectual approach. This is not to say that he is unemotional .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Pedro has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Diane has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Harry on his head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Norma on her head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
Barclays , it was claimed , had come through the 2008 - 2009 crisis without benefiting from government support. And , while her bank had been found in violation of various rules recently , including on products sold to consumers and on how it reported interest rates , Diamond had managed to distance herself from the damage .
Barclays , it was claimed , had come through the 2008 - 2009 crisis without benefiting from government support. And , while his bank had been found in violation of various rules recently , including on products sold to consumers and on how it reported interest rates , Diamond had managed to distance himself from the damage .
Emily has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Nathaniel has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Annie really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Reginald really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Perhaps surprisingly , Pedro seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Perhaps surprisingly , Theresa seems not to have wondered why she is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from her compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
The man of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The woman of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
Second , Edgar can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
Second , Rebecca can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for her boots .
It is not the critic who counts , Marcus said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Marcus continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Margaret said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Margaret continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
One question is why Julie and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Julie has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Lance and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Lance has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Elizabeth was not an imperial expansionist she never even bothered to ask the British to give back Hong Kong. Elizabeth , too , focused Chinese nationalism almost entirely on the brave new world of Communism .
Frederick was not an imperial expansionist he never even bothered to ask the British to give back Hong Kong. Frederick , too , focused Chinese nationalism almost entirely on the brave new world of Communism .
He calls the USMCA the single greatest agreement ever signed. For Trump , all NAFTA really needed was a new name one that , as Eswar Prasad points out , literally puts America First to enable him to pretend for his supporters that he achieved something positive .
She calls the USMCA the single greatest agreement ever signed. For Trump , all NAFTA really needed was a new name one that , as Eswar Prasad points out , literally puts America First to enable her to pretend for her supporters that she achieved something positive .
New York The selection of Teresa as John McCains running mate hit the United States like an electric storm. To her legions of lipstick - waving fans on the right , Teresa is a down - to - earth , God - fearing hockey mom whose moose hunting , evangelical faith , and even chaotic family life are all evidence that she is a real , typical American .
New York The selection of Jared as John McCains running mate hit the United States like an electric storm. To his legions of lipstick - waving fans on the right , Jared is a down - to - earth , God - fearing hockey mom whose moose hunting , evangelical faith , and even chaotic family life are all evidence that he is a real , typical American .
With Marilyn lauded as almost her exact opposite in style and manner , Trump looked throughout as if she wished she were anywhere else. Meanwhile , the stock markets entire gains for the year were wiped out as Trumps supposed trade truce with China fell apart .
With Darrell lauded as almost his exact opposite in style and manner , Trump looked throughout as if he wished he were anywhere else. Meanwhile , the stock markets entire gains for the year were wiped out as Trumps supposed trade truce with China fell apart .
Its not a completely crazy idea , but I just do nt see it. If Theresa is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze , why has she been trying in recent months to talk up longer - term rates by insisting that the Fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes ?
Its not a completely crazy idea , but I just do nt see it. If Jerome is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze , why has he been trying in recent months to talk up longer - term rates by insisting that the Fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes ?
At several crucial moments , she established herself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming Russia from a dictatorship into a democracy , from a planned economy into a free market , and from an empire into a medium - ranked power. In 1992 , as the emerging Russian Federation teetered on the brink of economic and monetary collapse , she opted for radical reform , prompting a backlash from vested interest groups .
At several crucial moments , he established himself as the only person who could rise to the challenges of transforming Russia from a dictatorship into a democracy , from a planned economy into a free market , and from an empire into a medium - ranked power. In 1992 , as the emerging Russian Federation teetered on the brink of economic and monetary collapse , he opted for radical reform , prompting a backlash from vested interest groups .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Manyak is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Kimberle is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
The press covering Annie were furious to learn that twodays earlier she had been diagnosed with pneumonia and had kept it to herself . But American presidential elections are brutal marathons , and its understandable that she did not want to cancel planned events .
The press covering Jared were furious to learn that twodays earlier he had been diagnosed with pneumonia and had kept it to himself . But American presidential elections are brutal marathons , and its understandable that he did not want to cancel planned events .
At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission. As Cheryl put it in her history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .
At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission. As Frederick put it in his history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .
But , in a sense , Mildred irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Jerome irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Julie huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Alfred huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
In fact , Darrell was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , he convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Jessica was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Edgar for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Mildred for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
My aunt was taken from prison and transported straight to central Berlin , where she was told to set up the office for Berlins energy supply , a task that had to be done literally from nothing. There was no power , no transport , no organised life of any kind for a period .
My dad was taken from prison and transported straight to central Berlin , where he was told to set up the office for Berlins energy supply , a task that had to be done literally from nothing. There was no power , no transport , no organised life of any kind for a period .
As a citizen , I thank Pedro for his service in Congress. But if he wants us to believe that his speech and decision to resign are in the service of the country , and based on principle , then he needs to explain what that principle is .
As a citizen , I thank Theresa for her service in Congress. But if she wants us to believe that her speech and decision to resign are in the service of the country , and based on principle , then she needs to explain what that principle is .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Terrance was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Dorothy was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. She managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
More broadly , Jorge has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , he pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
More broadly , Norma has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , she pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Teresa , together with her two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Bill , together with his two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
Nor did Cynthia go to war with the Federal Reserve or pack its board with sympathetic appointees willing to sacrifice sound money to her reelection prospects. On the contrary , she appointed Paul Volcker , a towering pillar of monetary stability , as chairman of the Board of Governors .
Nor did Neil go to war with the Federal Reserve or pack its board with sympathetic appointees willing to sacrifice sound money to his reelection prospects. On the contrary , he appointed Paul Volcker , a towering pillar of monetary stability , as chairman of the Board of Governors .
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Katherine 's Texas swagger qualify her to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Jorge 's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Terrance said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Cheryl said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. Her words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
But now Phyllis wants her back. Whatever else she might be , Phyllis does not come across as a convincing war leader .
But now Hugh wants him back. Whatever else he might be , Hugh does not come across as a convincing war leader .
Diane once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that her dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
Marcus once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that his dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
Consider the example Summers cites : Nathaniel visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Margaret visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
To my mind , that is a cause for praise , not criticism. Having worked with Jorge on the World Banks 2018 World Development Report on education , I know that he is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare .
To my mind , that is a cause for praise , not criticism. Having worked with Cheryl on the World Banks 2018 World Development Report on education , I know that she is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare .
LIMA On February 17 , Melissa is scheduled to celebrate Mass in Ciudad Jurez , Mexico , just south of the border with the United States. She will surely take that opportunity to urge support for the poor in Mexico and for those who have migrated north .
LIMA On February 17 , Jeff is scheduled to celebrate Mass in Ciudad Jurez , Mexico , just south of the border with the United States. He will surely take that opportunity to urge support for the poor in Mexico and for those who have migrated north .
The substance of the China Dream remains difficult to determine. When Xi first unveiled her slogan after being selected as the CCPs new general secretary , she defined it in simple , accessible , but nonetheless generic terms : The Chinese people dream of living the same good life as all other people in the world .
The substance of the China Dream remains difficult to determine. When Xi first unveiled his slogan after being selected as the CCPs new general secretary , he defined it in simple , accessible , but nonetheless generic terms : The Chinese people dream of living the same good life as all other people in the world .
Even if Bill could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how he chose to finance it. His was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
Even if Rebecca could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how she chose to finance it. Her was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
HONG KONG US President Leroy recent speech at the United Nations has gotten a lot of attention for its bizarre and bellicose rhetoric , including threats to dismantle the Iran nuclear deal and totally destroy North Korea. Underlying his declarations was a clear message : the sovereign state still reigns supreme , with national interests overshadowing shared objectives .
HONG KONG US President Elizabeth recent speech at the United Nations has gotten a lot of attention for its bizarre and bellicose rhetoric , including threats to dismantle the Iran nuclear deal and totally destroy North Korea. Underlying her declarations was a clear message : the sovereign state still reigns supreme , with national interests overshadowing shared objectives .
Initially , Alfred seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Mildred seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Verners has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Christop has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
In Egypt , where such preparations are the most obvious , Leroy and other senior figures have stubbornly denied his presidential ambitions. At the same time , room has been made for Leroy to build a public profile of his own through his senior role in the ruling party , and a constitutional framework has been put in place that will allow him to be elected in multi - candidate elections , thus establishing a faade of republican legitimacy .
In Egypt , where such preparations are the most obvious , Julie and other senior figures have stubbornly denied her presidential ambitions. At the same time , room has been made for Julie to build a public profile of her own through her senior role in the ruling party , and a constitutional framework has been put in place that will allow her to be elected in multi - candidate elections , thus establishing a faade of republican legitimacy .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Erik has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Betty has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
But Diane , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Raul , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Rebecca say that she brooks no argument ; she is the only one setting the limits .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Jonathan say that he brooks no argument ; he is the only one setting the limits .
Leroy was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw him in the corridor of the palace recalled him muttering : What a business !
Norma was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw her in the corridor of the palace recalled her muttering : What a business !
Albercik is often compared to Joseph Stalin , but nowadays , as the 20th anniversary of the Soviet Unions collapse at the end of 1991 approaches , he looks increasingly like Leonid Brezhnev the symbol of a political system that is well past its expiry date. All that is missing are the jowls .
Odisseu is often compared to Joseph Stalin , but nowadays , as the 20th anniversary of the Soviet Unions collapse at the end of 1991 approaches , he looks increasingly like Leonid Brezhnev the symbol of a political system that is well past its expiry date. All that is missing are the jowls .
Moreover , Theresa has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. She has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
Moreover , Reginald has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
NEW YORK If Raul were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Kathy were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Bill once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Marilyn once considered Erdoan among her favorite world leaders .
Moreover , her coworkers could nt read the Microsoft Word files that she sent them in the new .docx format. They wrote back and asked her to resend files in the older .doc format which might not have worked if she had inadvertently used some new - fangled formatting feature .
Moreover , his coworkers could nt read the Microsoft Word files that he sent them in the new .docx format. They wrote back and asked him to resend files in the older .doc format which might not have worked if he had inadvertently used some new - fangled formatting feature .
NEW YORK Now that Vide has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether he will govern in accordance with his campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .
NEW YORK Now that Pars has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether he will govern in accordance with his campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .
Its leading candidate for the presidential nomination , John Kerry , talks about how `` Benedict Arnold CEO 's `` betray America by outsourcing jobs. Phyllis 's remaining competitor , John Edwards , talks about how the gap on trade between her and Phyllis is wide and deep - with Phyllis on the free - trade side .
Its leading candidate for the presidential nomination , John Kerry , talks about how `` Benedict Arnold CEO 's `` betray America by outsourcing jobs. Lance 's remaining competitor , John Edwards , talks about how the gap on trade between him and Lance is wide and deep - with Lance on the free - trade side .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Neil squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Emily squandered six valuable years as her administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while she pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized her government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
But this is a delusion promoted by his finance minister , Yanis Varoufakis. A professor of game theory , Dorothy recently boasted to the New York Times that little Greece , in order to survive , [ could ] bring down the financial world , and that her media image as an irrational fool is doing my work for me by frightening other EU finance ministers .
But this is a delusion promoted by his finance minister , Yanis Varoufakis. A professor of game theory , Arnold recently boasted to the New York Times that little Greece , in order to survive , [ could ] bring down the financial world , and that his media image as an irrational fool is doing my work for me by frightening other EU finance ministers .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Kotsos has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Pars has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
So far , Harry seems to be up to the challenge. He has been boldly pursuing major figures who were previously considered untouchable , such as General Xu Caihou , a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission , and Zhou Yongkang , a former member of the Politburo Standing Committee , Chinas highest government body .
So far , Kathleen seems to be up to the challenge. She has been boldly pursuing major figures who were previously considered untouchable , such as General Xu Caihou , a former vice chairman of the Central Military Commission , and Zhou Yongkang , a former member of the Politburo Standing Committee , Chinas highest government body .
Susan established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Susan was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from her own analysis of Singapore .
Jorge established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Jorge was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Martha after lauding her for her leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over her orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
The Partys abrupt vilification of Darrell after lauding him for his leadership in Chongqing has fueled public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leaderships thin ideological core. If China is to preserve its gains in global stature , it must avoid a political hard landing .
The raging violence in southern Thailand over the past 15 months has made him look bad , as his myriad strategies and tactics have failed repeatedly. Nor have his bluster and ill temper improved matters .
The raging violence in southern Thailand over the past 15 months has made her look bad , as her myriad strategies and tactics have failed repeatedly. Nor have her bluster and ill temper improved matters .
Hugh was terminally ill with cancer at the time and died shortly thereafter. But the case against his associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan and his allies in the powerful Glen movement , made up of the followers of the Islamic preacher Fethullah Glen .
Cynthia was terminally ill with cancer at the time and died shortly thereafter. But the case against her associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan and his allies in the powerful Glen movement , made up of the followers of the Islamic preacher Fethullah Glen .
It would not have been easy for Susan to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Nathaniel to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Carolyn is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Arnold is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Arnold opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Barbara opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Pedro , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Norma , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack her enemies .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Jorge unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in his community , or retraining .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Susan unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in her community , or retraining .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Melissa struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize her steam engine until she formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Alfred struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize his steam engine until he formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
His case was strong , because the UK Supreme Court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless. Nevertheless , Reginald discontinued his appeal , apparently because he was concerned that the use of his cellphone was revealing his location to US intelligence services .
Her case was strong , because the UK Supreme Court subsequently ruled in a different case that the government does not have the power to make a person stateless. Nevertheless , Barbara discontinued her appeal , apparently because she was concerned that the use of her cellphone was revealing her location to US intelligence services .
Norma vivid imagination does not stop there : she has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as she is with defending her difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Lance vivid imagination does not stop there : he has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as he is with defending his difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Teresa has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during her tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when she wielded control over the secret police .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Terrance has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
But his half - brother and more powerful rival , Prince Naif , the Minister of Interior , ordered the arrests , trial , and imprisonment of 13 reformers in March 2004. Lance offered not a peep of opposition , leaving the reform agenda that he initiated in a political netherworld .
But his half - brother and more powerful rival , Prince Naif , the Minister of Interior , ordered the arrests , trial , and imprisonment of 13 reformers in March 2004. Katherine offered not a peep of opposition , leaving the reform agenda that she initiated in a political netherworld .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Deborah has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Bill has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
The press covering Edgar were furious to learn that twodays earlier he had been diagnosed with pneumonia and had kept it to himself . But American presidential elections are brutal marathons , and its understandable that he did not want to cancel planned events .
The press covering Julie were furious to learn that twodays earlier she had been diagnosed with pneumonia and had kept it to herself . But American presidential elections are brutal marathons , and its understandable that she did not want to cancel planned events .
Leroy established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Leroy was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Jennifer established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Jennifer was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from her own analysis of Singapore .
Norma is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Earl is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
International investors have come around to Susan , believing that she strikes the right balance between dynamism and stability needed to bring Italy out of its torpor. They have tolerated her exuberance and even her mistakes ( for example , in her management of the countrys banking crisis ) .
International investors have come around to Harry , believing that he strikes the right balance between dynamism and stability needed to bring Italy out of its torpor. They have tolerated his exuberance and even his mistakes ( for example , in his management of the countrys banking crisis ) .
Nor was Neil helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life - long cause .
Nor was Jessica helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for her and her life - long cause .
Moreover , Duane has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
Moreover , Martha has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. She has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Derrick , but subsequently fell out with him .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Norma , but subsequently fell out with her .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Emily and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Jared and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
Similarly , while Hugh won in Peru , he does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . His APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
Similarly , while Margaret won in Peru , she does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . Her APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
In matters of doctrine and ethics , Jorge represented the conservative view. He was the counterpoint to Pope John XXIII , who , through the Second Vatican Council of the 1960s and in numerous other ways , tried to reconcile Catholics with the modern age .
In matters of doctrine and ethics , Melissa represented the conservative view. She was the counterpoint to Pope John XXIII , who , through the Second Vatican Council of the 1960s and in numerous other ways , tried to reconcile Catholics with the modern age .
Jonathan and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Jonathan and his cronies down the line .
Martha and her cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Martha and her cronies down the line .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Mildred , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack her enemies .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Lance , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
She s secure enough to dance and sing in public. She speaks the language of populism , raising hopes for the vast majority of South Africans who daily endure the misery of poor housing , schools , and health care .
He s secure enough to dance and sing in public. He speaks the language of populism , raising hopes for the vast majority of South Africans who daily endure the misery of poor housing , schools , and health care .
At a time of peril , people rally around the flag , and Diane exploited this by fostering a sense of danger. Her campaign assumes that people do not really care about the truth and will believe almost anything if it is repeated often enough .
At a time of peril , people rally around the flag , and Jorge exploited this by fostering a sense of danger. His campaign assumes that people do not really care about the truth and will believe almost anything if it is repeated often enough .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Lance described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Phyllis described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Raul closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Phyllis closest aides , her Press Secretary , when asked recently about her retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Reginald wants to be seen as a convinced European , he must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Theresa wants to be seen as a convinced European , she must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
Regardless of whether this theory is true , its persistence lies at the core of Shevardnadzes legacy. Throughout his career , he was known to play all sides , at times threatening his resignation , only to stay on or accusing enemies of assassination plots , only to stay alive .
Regardless of whether this theory is true , its persistence lies at the core of Shevardnadzes legacy. Throughout her career , she was known to play all sides , at times threatening her resignation , only to stay on or accusing enemies of assassination plots , only to stay alive .
If you trusted the founder of Singapore and thought him legitimate , who better to trust than the founders own son ? Indeed , the father would remain on the scene , first as Senior Minister and then in his mentor role , and had made his son prove his abilities openly in a series of prominent positions .
If you trusted the founder of Singapore and thought her legitimate , who better to trust than the founders own son ? Indeed , the girl would remain on the scene , first as Senior Minister and then in her mentor role , and had made her son prove her abilities openly in a series of prominent positions .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Leroy presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served his well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat his . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
In the latest caucus , in Nevada , Barbara presumed advantage among non - white voters , who are a far greater factor in Nevada than in Iowa or New Hampshire , seems to have served her well , with Sanders failing to win enough African - American voters , in particular , to defeat her . This augurs well for future nominating contests .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Melissa say that she brooks no argument ; she is the only one setting the limits .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Nathaniel say that he brooks no argument ; he is the only one setting the limits .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Jennifer never entered politics , she would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , she was extraordinary , because her methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Nathaniel never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
Similar doubts apply to Jorge . Can he deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
Similar doubts apply to Julie . Can she deliver the security guarantees that Olmert needs , especially given the Palestinians fear that , in the end , they will give too much , without getting back concessions on what they see as their fundamental demands ?
He could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Edgar has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
She could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but she is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Emily has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
Raul and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Raul and his cronies down the line .
Barbara and her cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Barbara and her cronies down the line .
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the sister . But , in this case , when the sister borrows essential elements of her fathers architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is she not willingly reflecting those sins ?
Of course , the sins of the father should never be visited on the daddy . But , in this case , when the daddy borrows essential elements of his fathers architectural principles and serves a regime that seeks to use the Games for some of the same reasons that animated Hitler , is he not willingly reflecting those sins ?
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Elizabeth declared her desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew her .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Jared declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Annie never entered politics , she would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , she was extraordinary , because her methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Jeff never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
Many assumed that Alfred would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Alfred surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Many assumed that Cheryl would follow the lead of her military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Cheryl surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , her political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
The decision is consistent with the way Emily has governed since her election in 2007. Whether she is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Emily is nothing if not ambitious .
The decision is consistent with the way Erik has governed since his election in 2007. Whether he is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Erik is nothing if not ambitious .
I should declare a personal interest here : I was stateless for a time after my birth in Geneva. My sister was American , but naturalized too recently to hand her US citizenship on to me .
I should declare a personal interest here : I was stateless for a time after my birth in Geneva. My brother was American , but naturalized too recently to hand his US citizenship on to me .
And , while Carolyn says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Erik says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
International investors have come around to Theresa , believing that she strikes the right balance between dynamism and stability needed to bring Italy out of its torpor. They have tolerated her exuberance and even her mistakes ( for example , in her management of the countrys banking crisis ) .
International investors have come around to Terrance , believing that he strikes the right balance between dynamism and stability needed to bring Italy out of its torpor. They have tolerated his exuberance and even his mistakes ( for example , in his management of the countrys banking crisis ) .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Diane . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least her polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Terrance . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least his polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
Nevertheless , although Russia has been backsliding since Barbara took power in 2000 , her policies might have been worse had she been ostracized. In any case , a US boycott of the forthcoming summit would be a Russian triumph , as it would throw the West into disarray .
Nevertheless , although Russia has been backsliding since Terrance took power in 2000 , his policies might have been worse had he been ostracized. In any case , a US boycott of the forthcoming summit would be a Russian triumph , as it would throw the West into disarray .
In their quest for post - Soviet stability , Russians seem to have found reassurance in Barbara . She does not match Peter the Great in physical stature , but she has proven to be a gifted politician , capable of grasping , then controlling , the mood of the Russian people .
In their quest for post - Soviet stability , Russians seem to have found reassurance in Jeffery . He does not match Peter the Great in physical stature , but he has proven to be a gifted politician , capable of grasping , then controlling , the mood of the Russian people .
Baroness Jeffery , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Theresa , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Phyllis started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Jeffery started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
Thus , Derek has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Thus , Rebecca has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. She is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
To strengthen the second circle of his power , Pedro seized control over the state corporations one by one , beginning with Gazprom in May 2001 , by appointing loyalists as chief executives and chairmen. The three top managers of state - owned companies are Igor Sechin of Rosneft , Aleksei Miller of Gazprom , and Sergei Chemezov of Rostec .
To strengthen the second circle of her power , Martha seized control over the state corporations one by one , beginning with Gazprom in May 2001 , by appointing loyalists as chief executives and chairmen. The three top managers of state - owned companies are Igor Sechin of Rosneft , Aleksei Miller of Gazprom , and Sergei Chemezov of Rostec .
Jeffery took a similar view. While seeing the Earth as a whole diminishes the importance of things like national boundaries that divide us , he said , it also underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another , and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot , the only home we 've ever known .
Norma took a similar view. While seeing the Earth as a whole diminishes the importance of things like national boundaries that divide us , she said , it also underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another , and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot , the only home we 've ever known .
Undeterred by adversity , Marcus kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Cheryl kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
GENEVA Julie championed many global causes during her distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , she always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to her than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
GENEVA Arnold championed many global causes during his distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , he always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to him than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
But , with the economy in free fall , Jorge can not pretend forever. And when he finally does acknowledge reality , he will have little room for maneuver .
But , with the economy in free fall , Kathy can not pretend forever. And when she finally does acknowledge reality , she will have little room for maneuver .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Zachary , underscored this tendency during his first visit to China , where his unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Margaret , underscored this tendency during her first visit to China , where her unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
So , even in death , Deborah will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will she be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of her greatest works ?
So , even in death , Bill will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
Perhaps more importantly , he has turned words into deeds , volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the Humane Society of the United States to oppose dog fighting. It is hard to see what good would come from not allowing him to complete his rehabilitation and return to doing what he does best .
Perhaps more importantly , she has turned words into deeds , volunteering at an animal shelter and working with the Humane Society of the United States to oppose dog fighting. It is hard to see what good would come from not allowing her to complete her rehabilitation and return to doing what she does best .
Among Macris resolutions are market - oriented reforms , and clearing the many economic land mines that Jared planted. He is off to a good start , having freed the peso from its official peg , reduced taxes , and moved toward freer trade .
Among Macris resolutions are market - oriented reforms , and clearing the many economic land mines that Rebecca planted. She is off to a good start , having freed the peso from its official peg , reduced taxes , and moved toward freer trade .
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Jeffery and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Jeffery says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ he kisses his gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Diane and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Diane says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ she kisses her gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Elizabeth and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Leroy and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Kathleen , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against her regime , is no exception .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Zachary , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against his regime , is no exception .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Barbara decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Frederick decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
For Kotsos , the agreement reached in 1945 at the Yalta Conference is not dead ; its limits on the Kremlins influence have simply shifted eastward , essentially to the boundaries of the former Soviet Union. While Kotsos managed to stop Georgia from joining NATO , his Eurasian Economic Community ( EurAsEC ) is a poor replica of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance ( Comecon ) , which included all of the countries of the Eastern Bloc and a few other socialist states .
For Airiz , the agreement reached in 1945 at the Yalta Conference is not dead ; its limits on the Kremlins influence have simply shifted eastward , essentially to the boundaries of the former Soviet Union. While Airiz managed to stop Georgia from joining NATO , his Eurasian Economic Community ( EurAsEC ) is a poor replica of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance ( Comecon ) , which included all of the countries of the Eastern Bloc and a few other socialist states .
Melissa , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Melissa understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Jerome , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Jerome understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Jerome really mean it , and does he genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Norma really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
Three years later , my daddy went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship. His assassination upon his arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what he had proclaimed throughout his life .
Three years later , my mother went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship. Her assassination upon her arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what she had proclaimed throughout her life .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Julie was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. She managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Jeff was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
After 18 years as either president or prime minister , it is now Jessica who needs her legacy and fortune protected. Beyond personal riches , Jessica hopes to preserve the paternalistic ruling system and top - down power structure that she has built up over the past two decades .
After 18 years as either president or prime minister , it is now Terrance who needs his legacy and fortune protected. Beyond personal riches , Terrance hopes to preserve the paternalistic ruling system and top - down power structure that he has built up over the past two decades .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Theresa , together with her two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Bill , together with his two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
So the answer today to Norma famous question about whom she should call when she wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
So the answer today to Edgar famous question about whom he should call when he wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Deborah has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever she has deemed it necessary to preserve her and her partys position .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Neil has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
My own brother lives in Illinois , not far from Chicago , with his wife and two children. Of my four grandchildren , two are European and two are American .
My own aunt lives in Illinois , not far from Chicago , with her wife and two children. Of my four grandchildren , two are European and two are American .
But it is hard to ignore the history to which the protesters are appealing. Pining for a crown , Kathy forgets that Russian monarchy , for all its splendor , was always a minefield , because an autocrats contempt for law leaves her vulnerable to mob justice .
But it is hard to ignore the history to which the protesters are appealing. Pining for a crown , Jorge forgets that Russian monarchy , for all its splendor , was always a minefield , because an autocrats contempt for law leaves him vulnerable to mob justice .
There Reginald was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
There Kathy was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
Dulling Putins knife and ending the Ukraine crisis peacefully depends largely on the EU. Sanctions will not impress Elizabeth ( she and her cronies are isolating Russia economically and financially more effectively than most sanctions could ) ; peaceful yet tangible political steps within Europe will .
Dulling Putins knife and ending the Ukraine crisis peacefully depends largely on the EU. Sanctions will not impress Leroy ( he and his cronies are isolating Russia economically and financially more effectively than most sanctions could ) ; peaceful yet tangible political steps within Europe will .
The firm cut a deal with Arnold , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Arnold had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Emily , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Emily had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
In his acceptance speech , Frederick referred to the leaders of the first Intifada , telling the congress that they drew the guidelines that have become the movements political platform. Leaders like Barghouti , former preventative security chief Jibril Rajoub , and Gazas Dahlan are now in the drivers seat of the Fatah movement .
In her acceptance speech , Rebecca referred to the leaders of the first Intifada , telling the congress that they drew the guidelines that have become the movements political platform. Leaders like Barghouti , former preventative security chief Jibril Rajoub , and Gazas Dahlan are now in the drivers seat of the Fatah movement .
But Susan is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . She is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
But Terrance is also pressing for change in medical research and the technology sector by embracing long - shunned innovations such as iPS cells ( artificial stem cells ) . He is also emphasizing the development of renewable energy and power - saving innovations , which became an urgent policy objective following the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago .
Pamela is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy she can get including from the two civilian political leaders she exiled. Her most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
Zachary is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy he can get including from the two civilian political leaders he exiled. His most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Derrick will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Susan will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for she considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Terrance and his government partly because of his ill - considered warning earlier this year that he would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that he is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Rebecca and her government partly because of her ill - considered warning earlier this year that she would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that she is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Leroy as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Margaret as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Jeffery felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Margaret felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Kathy begins her first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Alfred begins his first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
On trade , Mildred has flip - flopped to oppose the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a multinational trade deal negotiated by the Obama administration and 11 other Pacific Rim countries. Unlike her husband , who supported and signed free - trade agreements during his presidency , Mildred is inching closer to the protectionist wing of the Democratic Party .
On trade , Todd has flip - flopped to oppose the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a multinational trade deal negotiated by the Obama administration and 11 other Pacific Rim countries. Unlike his husband , who supported and signed free - trade agreements during his presidency , Todd is inching closer to the protectionist wing of the Democratic Party .
To be sure , a no - fly zone over Syria would not be a simple undertaking : substantial resources would be required , and , given the regimes military capabilities , it would not be a risk - free operation. Yet it was accomplished for more than a decade in neighboring Iraq to keep Jonathan from attacking segments of his own population , so we know that it can be done in Syria as well .
To be sure , a no - fly zone over Syria would not be a simple undertaking : substantial resources would be required , and , given the regimes military capabilities , it would not be a risk - free operation. Yet it was accomplished for more than a decade in neighboring Iraq to keep Phyllis from attacking segments of her own population , so we know that it can be done in Syria as well .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Pamela reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Marcus reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
For this reason , the proportion of resources that we expend on lighting has remained virtually unchanged for the past three centuries , at about 0.72 % of gross domestic product. As Diane and her colleagues observe in their journal article , This was the case in the UK in 1700 , is the case in the undeveloped world not on grid electricity in modern times , and is the case for the developed world in modern times using the most advanced lighting technologies .
For this reason , the proportion of resources that we expend on lighting has remained virtually unchanged for the past three centuries , at about 0.72 % of gross domestic product. As Earl and his colleagues observe in their journal article , This was the case in the UK in 1700 , is the case in the undeveloped world not on grid electricity in modern times , and is the case for the developed world in modern times using the most advanced lighting technologies .
She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB years , Cheryl constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
He may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in his office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of his KGB years , Frederick constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
I would sit in such meetings watching Melissa glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Melissa would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Edgar glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Edgar would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Phyllis rich , but her foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Jeff rich , but his foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Raul acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Rebecca acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In his recent book Monsoon , Jerome notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In her recent book Monsoon , Julie notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
What made this highly significant was that Theresa is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Theresa is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Pedro is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Pedro is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
Although Katherine is now technically a lame duck president , she does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security the central focus of her presidency at the heart of the electoral battle. She has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on her dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the countrys right - wing forces in order to ensure continuity with her policies .
Although Alfred is now technically a lame duck president , he does retain considerable influence , and is trying hard to keep the issue of internal security the central focus of his presidency at the heart of the electoral battle. He has also sought to benefit from ratcheting up tensions with neighboring Venezuela , and counts on his dauphin , former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , to unite the countrys right - wing forces in order to ensure continuity with his policies .
The decision is consistent with the way Jennifer has governed since her election in 2007. Whether she is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Jennifer is nothing if not ambitious .
The decision is consistent with the way Alfred has governed since his election in 2007. Whether he is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Alfred is nothing if not ambitious .
Marilyn was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Erik was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
I would sit in such meetings watching Phyllis glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Phyllis would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Zachary glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Zachary would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
NEW YORK If Margaret were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Erik were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
There is little agreement , however , when it comes to more contentious questions , such as the potential efficacy of targeted sanctions. Irans first post - revolution prime minister , Mehdi Bazargan , reportedly once said that the real leader of the 1979 revolution was not Oliviu but rather the Shah , who united diverse groups of people against him .
There is little agreement , however , when it comes to more contentious questions , such as the potential efficacy of targeted sanctions. Irans first post - revolution prime minister , Mehdi Bazargan , reportedly once said that the real leader of the 1979 revolution was not Eldridge but rather the Shah , who united diverse groups of people against him .
Most historians agree that Hugh lived up to his name ; not only did he kill his son and other relatives , he also ordered the oprichnina , the state - led purges that terrorized Russia from 1565 to 1572. He also presided over Russias defeat in the Livonian War , and his misrule contributed to the Time of Troubles and the states devastating depopulation .
Most historians agree that Jennifer lived up to her name ; not only did she kill her son and other relatives , she also ordered the oprichnina , the state - led purges that terrorized Russia from 1565 to 1572. She also presided over Russias defeat in the Livonian War , and her misrule contributed to the Time of Troubles and the states devastating depopulation .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Hugh for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Theresa for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
Jerome positions , with the notable exception of climate change , suggest that he would simply try to carry out George W. Bushs policies more effectively. Obama offers a different approach to foreign policy .
Diane positions , with the notable exception of climate change , suggest that she would simply try to carry out George W. Bushs policies more effectively. Obama offers a different approach to foreign policy .
Despite his knack for transformation , Leroy is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after his coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
Despite her knack for transformation , Kathleen is unlikely to introduce any substantive policy reversals after her coming victory. Bold , comprehensive reforms of the type proposed by the liberal former finance minister Alexei Kudrin are not in the cards .
It is past time for the world to recognize Katherine for what she is : a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows. So the world must now ponder that old Latin maxim qui tacet consentere videtur silence means consent and ask itself if it is wise to quietly consent to Putins construction of a lawless energy superpower .
It is past time for the world to recognize Terrance for what he is : a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows. So the world must now ponder that old Latin maxim qui tacet consentere videtur silence means consent and ask itself if it is wise to quietly consent to Putins construction of a lawless energy superpower .
If Terrance consolidates his hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that he has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
If Jennifer consolidates her hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Barbara never entered politics , she would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , she was extraordinary , because her methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Jeff never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
One of the mans goals in immolating himself , according to the letter , was to force the chairman of PiS and the entire PiS nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility , and that they have my blood on their hands. The grandfather hoped that his act of protest would influence PiS supporters 47 % of the population , according to the latest polls who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law .
One of the mans goals in immolating himself , according to the letter , was to force the chairman of PiS and the entire PiS nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility , and that they have my blood on their hands. The daughter hoped that her act of protest would influence PiS supporters 47 % of the population , according to the latest polls who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law .
To judge by Alfred belligerence , he firmly believes that Europe needs Greece as desperately as Greece needs Europe. This is the true absurdity in the present negotiations , and Tsipras misapprehension of his bargaining power now risks catastrophe for his country , humiliation for his Syriza party , or both .
To judge by Diane belligerence , she firmly believes that Europe needs Greece as desperately as Greece needs Europe. This is the true absurdity in the present negotiations , and Tsipras misapprehension of her bargaining power now risks catastrophe for her country , humiliation for her Syriza party , or both .
We learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics , and voice - recognition software uses a theory - less learning algorithm called a hidden Markov chain on a set of audios and their texts , rather than by using linguistics , as Teresa tells us in her book How to Create a Mind. To the chagrin of many of us academics , theory is often dispensable .
We learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics , and voice - recognition software uses a theory - less learning algorithm called a hidden Markov chain on a set of audios and their texts , rather than by using linguistics , as Jonathan tells us in his book How to Create a Mind. To the chagrin of many of us academics , theory is often dispensable .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Tammy convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Zachary convince financial markets and the international community that he is now a true believer in capitalism .
But , brilliant as Derrick is , he has been prone to making odd mistakes. With a seemingly out - of - control John McCain taking over as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , the situation is likely to become even more complicated .
But , brilliant as Teresa is , she has been prone to making odd mistakes. With a seemingly out - of - control John McCain taking over as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , the situation is likely to become even more complicated .
Although Terrance brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Terrance , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Although Katherine brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , her modern real successors smothered her insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments. For Katherine , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .
Kauko related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Eldridge related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
When Carolyn was deposed , she fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of her extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold her accountable .
When Jeff was deposed , he fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of his extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold him accountable .
In short , as Arnold departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Marilyn departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Arnold never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Emily never entered politics , she would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , she was extraordinary , because her methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
It then takes Neil most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
It then takes Pamela most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Theresa from her predecessors is not just her temperament and generalized ignorance , but also her approach to policymaking .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Terrance from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Cheryl , but subsequently fell out with her .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Darrell , but subsequently fell out with him .
Recent large - scale interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan , though not primarily humanitarian , have eroded public support for military action. But we should recall Tammy story about her cat .
Recent large - scale interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan , though not primarily humanitarian , have eroded public support for military action. But we should recall Erik story about his cat .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Duane and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Barbara and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Julie eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Arnold eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Susan has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of her own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Derrick has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of his own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Theresa is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Jeffery is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
The brother of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The girl of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another uncle , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another wife , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
Even if Martha could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how she chose to finance it. Her was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
Even if Lance could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how he chose to finance it. His was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
In fact , Theresa was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Jared was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , he convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Jeffery reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Betty reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
Jennifer and her Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Leroy and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Hugh favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Tammy favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Diplomatic efforts by the outside world proved ineffective , so in March 1999 , NATO began a 78-day bombing campaign against the Serbs. Julie was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention she proclaimed a new doctrine of international community that made it a just war , because it was based on superior Western values .
Diplomatic efforts by the outside world proved ineffective , so in March 1999 , NATO began a 78-day bombing campaign against the Serbs. Jorge was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention he proclaimed a new doctrine of international community that made it a just war , because it was based on superior Western values .
It is past time for the world to recognize Tammy for what she is : a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows. So the world must now ponder that old Latin maxim qui tacet consentere videtur silence means consent and ask itself if it is wise to quietly consent to Putins construction of a lawless energy superpower .
It is past time for the world to recognize Leroy for what he is : a man who is taking Russia back into the shadows. So the world must now ponder that old Latin maxim qui tacet consentere videtur silence means consent and ask itself if it is wise to quietly consent to Putins construction of a lawless energy superpower .
On the other hand , Jeff continued , When the government does something to [ Khan ] that they say is classified , they have disclosed to him classified information. But since he does nt have a security clearance , there is nothing that prevents him , unlike me , from saying to the outside world , This is what they did to me .
On the other hand , Rebecca continued , When the government does something to [ Khan ] that they say is classified , they have disclosed to her classified information. But since she does nt have a security clearance , there is nothing that prevents her , unlike me , from saying to the outside world , This is what they did to me .
When Bill asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Bill would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Dorothy asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Dorothy would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Julie will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of her entire foreign policy. In fact , Julie has already expressed her objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Bill will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Bill has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Erik has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Phyllis has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Apparently , the Chinese government is meticulously building a case against Melissa by pursuing two critical leads. The first one targets her son , Zhou Bin , a businessman who has amassed a huge fortune through shady deals and possibly criminal activities .
Apparently , the Chinese government is meticulously building a case against Terrance by pursuing two critical leads. The first one targets his son , Zhou Bin , a businessman who has amassed a huge fortune through shady deals and possibly criminal activities .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Erik and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Pamela and her team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
The moral authority that Hugh exudes makes his interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as his condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during his visit to the US , his views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
The moral authority that Margaret exudes makes her interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as her condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during her visit to the US , her views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Todd has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Martha has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
This threat evidently motivated Rebecca to speak out in November : It is no secret , Rebecca wrote in her blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Erik to speak out in November : It is no secret , Erik wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
They ordered Katherine to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side. Katherine did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of her forces as possible across the canal .
They ordered Jared to stop sending forces across the canal , and instead to widen the gap on the Israeli side. Jared did not obey , pleading communications difficulties while sending as many of his forces as possible across the canal .
The comparison between Trump and Julie is far from superficial. In fact , Italys experience with Julie or Il Cavaliere ( the Knight ) , as she is known in her country provides six clear lessons for Americans and the world on what to expect from Trump .
The comparison between Trump and Jonathan is far from superficial. In fact , Italys experience with Jonathan or Il Cavaliere ( the Knight ) , as he is known in his country provides six clear lessons for Americans and the world on what to expect from Trump .
When she boards at 10:15 , she receives a text message from her best friend Amanda , who wants to ride with her . Katherine enters Amandas address in the Maghicle app , and the robot chooses the best route .
When he boards at 10:15 , he receives a text message from his best friend Amanda , who wants to ride with his . Frederick enters Amandas address in the Maghicle app , and the robot chooses the best route .
She could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but she is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Rebecca has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
He could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Jorge has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
What offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother her supporters. But as she turns from her permanent self - centered campaigning to trying to govern , Twitter becomes a two - edged sword that deters needed allies .
What offends commentators in the media and academia does not bother his supporters. But as he turns from his permanent self - centered campaigning to trying to govern , Twitter becomes a two - edged sword that deters needed allies .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Lance described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Margaret described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
But that is another reason why Reginald is exceptional : the complexity of his identity makes him truly universal , a global candidate for a global age. By virtue of his unique personal history , he can bridge Africa , America , and even Asia where he studied as a young boy in a Muslim school thereby reviving the universal image and message of America .
But that is another reason why Teresa is exceptional : the complexity of her identity makes her truly universal , a global candidate for a global age. By virtue of her unique personal history , she can bridge Africa , America , and even Asia where she studied as a young boy in a Muslim school thereby reviving the universal image and message of America .
Some of Bill advisers try to explain to him how trade deficits work in an economy that benefits enormously from having the worlds leading reserve currency. Challenging the trade deficit , they tell him , can imperil the V $ s reserve - currency status .
Some of Marilyn advisers try to explain to her how trade deficits work in an economy that benefits enormously from having the worlds leading reserve currency. Challenging the trade deficit , they tell her , can imperil the V $ s reserve - currency status .
As a candidate , Betty was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Nathaniel was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Derek was finally sworn in , though he had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Emily was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
In this case , a dozen officials who worked for Frederick in the energy sector in Sichuan and in the Ministry of Public Security ( where Frederick was Minister from 2003 to 2008 ) have been arrested. Most ominously for Frederick , the officials include two of his former executive assistants , who presumably have intimate knowledge of Zhous activities .
In this case , a dozen officials who worked for Julie in the energy sector in Sichuan and in the Ministry of Public Security ( where Julie was Minister from 2003 to 2008 ) have been arrested. Most ominously for Julie , the officials include two of her former executive assistants , who presumably have intimate knowledge of Zhous activities .
Jessica is fundamentally different from the typical academic economist , who tends to concentrate on advancing economic theory and statistics. She concentrates on legislation that is , practical things that might be accomplished to lift the economy .
Reginald is fundamentally different from the typical academic economist , who tends to concentrate on advancing economic theory and statistics. He concentrates on legislation that is , practical things that might be accomplished to lift the economy .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Lance is unlikely to take , even as he ramps up his provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Mildred is unlikely to take , even as she ramps up her provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
Does any of this matter to Kathleen ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Derek ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Cynthia has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of her ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Jared has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of his ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
In consenting to become prime minister , Leroy is well aware of what to expect. After all , he served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
In consenting to become prime minister , Barbara is well aware of what to expect. After all , she served as prime minister for several months in 1999 .
Together with Wasa , Pamela was a founder of Polish independence. Her place in the history books is guaranteed .
Together with Wasa , Hugh was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my aunt would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , she does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my daddy would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , he does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
In fact , the sick woman undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick daddy undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Jerome became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Jerome has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
Teresa became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Teresa has proved herself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
But Jessica is not quite turning France , long a country hostile to supply - side reform , into what many would consider a normal economy. While she has the right instincts concerning labor markets , she is very French on other issues .
But Marcus is not quite turning France , long a country hostile to supply - side reform , into what many would consider a normal economy. While he has the right instincts concerning labor markets , he is very French on other issues .
But Jelander has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
But Karstein has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Betty began. And Betty should understand that her legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Terrance began. And Terrance should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
Arnold was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when he developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting , which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management .
Cheryl was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when she developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting , which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management .
She has spent large chunks of her personal fortune on the promotion of liberal democratic values in former Communist countries. One of the many beneficiaries of her largesse is the current prime minister of Hungary , Viktor Orbn , who studied at Oxford on a Soros scholarship .
He has spent large chunks of his personal fortune on the promotion of liberal democratic values in former Communist countries. One of the many beneficiaries of his largesse is the current prime minister of Hungary , Viktor Orbn , who studied at Oxford on a Soros scholarship .
Zachary , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
Betty , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
While Mildred has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , she has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of her political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Mildred , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
While Nathaniel has been fickle , to say the least , about cooperation with the Americans ( indeed , he has since backed away from participation in the Doha talks ) , the rupture of his political alliance with non - Pashtun leaders has also fueled ethnic polarization. Some non - Pashtun power brokers continue to support Nathaniel , but many others are now leading the opposition National Front .
It is not the critic who counts , Jennifer said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Jennifer continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Derrick said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Derrick continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Phyllis is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy she can get including from the two civilian political leaders she exiled. Her most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
Reginald is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy he can get including from the two civilian political leaders he exiled. His most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
It was Tyndall who then put Diane ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
It was Tyndall who then put Frederick ideas to the test in his laboratory. He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
Melissa has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Jared has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to his legacy and even greater cost to Turkey he spurned it both times .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Elizabeth has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared her candidacy to many business leaders , she , too , has played down the issue .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Erik has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared his candidacy to many business leaders , he , too , has played down the issue .
So , even in death , Jonathan will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
So , even in death , Tammy will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will she be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of her greatest works ?
Deborah sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Lance sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
One of its favorite slogans was Theresa did not unite Italy ; she divided Africa , and its main political demand was the countrys abolition. Instead , the party demanded the creation of a new country called Padania that would separate the prosperous northern regions from the corruption and poverty of Rome and points south .
One of its favorite slogans was Frederick did not unite Italy ; he divided Africa , and its main political demand was the countrys abolition. Instead , the party demanded the creation of a new country called Padania that would separate the prosperous northern regions from the corruption and poverty of Rome and points south .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Nathaniel and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Barbara and her team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Raul was quick to distance himself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
Of course , there was much else in the manifesto fantasies about reviving the medieval Knights Templar , for example that suggests a more bizarre disposition , and Annie was quick to distance herself from Breiviks violent methods. Indeed , only one right - wing European politician , Francesco Speroni of the Italian Northern League , which is part of Silvio Berlusconis government , was prepared to defend Breivik .
He was bent on purging the judiciary and the public prosecutors office , claiming that they were aligned with the protesters opposing his government and their military backers , who had been overthrown in 2011. Morsi brooked little opposition in pushing through a controversial draft constitution .
She was bent on purging the judiciary and the public prosecutors office , claiming that they were aligned with the protesters opposing her government and their military backers , who had been overthrown in 2011. Morsi brooked little opposition in pushing through a controversial draft constitution .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my mom would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , she does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my father would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , he does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
The mother , still refusing to step out , said she was a Harvard professor , showed her ID , and warned the cop not to mess with her . She said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for her name and identification .
The daddy , still refusing to step out , said he was a Harvard professor , showed his ID , and warned the cop not to mess with him . He said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for his name and identification .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Betty is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Neil is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Rebecca and her ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Earl and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
It is not the critic who counts , Marcus said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Marcus continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Dorothy said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Dorothy continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Jonathan , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Jonathan a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Carolyn , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Carolyn a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
There Jessica was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
There Harry was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
Recent large - scale interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan , though not primarily humanitarian , have eroded public support for military action. But we should recall Elizabeth story about her cat .
Recent large - scale interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan , though not primarily humanitarian , have eroded public support for military action. But we should recall Jeffery story about his cat .
Phyllis established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Phyllis was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from her own analysis of Singapore .
Bill established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Bill was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Neil gave in June. She asked him what he thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .
Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Katherine gave in June. She asked her what she thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Marcus and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Marcus could nt get the message out straight .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Margaret and her colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread her . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Margaret could nt get the message out straight .
Julie may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Julie .
Darrell may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Darrell .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Todd , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Barbara , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
There was no mention of Melissa and what her dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
There was no mention of Jerome and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
As the Soviet Union steadily disintegrated , with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash , Duane gained the leadership of the largest the Russian Federation which placed him in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in Ukraine , the Baltic states , and Georgia .
As the Soviet Union steadily disintegrated , with virtually all of its 15 republics straining at the leash , Teresa gained the leadership of the largest the Russian Federation which placed her in a tactical alliance with independence campaigners in Ukraine , the Baltic states , and Georgia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Barbara is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Jonathan is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Frederick reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Dorothy reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Marilyn to step aside , and her repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Pedro to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Kathleen and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Pedro and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
More broadly , Jonathan has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , he pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
More broadly , Barbara has shown courage and wisdom in embracing a more decentralized church structure , and envisioning an inclusive church that is a home for all. In yet another shrewd move , she pursued the turnover of senior officials at the Vatican gradually , rather than in one fell swoop .
When Derrick was deposed , he fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of his extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold him accountable .
When Katherine was deposed , she fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of her extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold her accountable .
In addition , how will Duane balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will he manage the growing middle classs expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
In addition , how will Margaret balance the trade - off between pro - market and pro - poor policies ? How will she manage the growing middle classs expectations of better infrastructure , expanded access to health care and education , uninterrupted electricity and water supplies , and more efficient transport facilities ?
Or was Arnold simply using the US Congress as a venue for his own campaign to keep his job ? Did he wish to impress voters back home with a starring role on a world stage ?
Or was Carolyn simply using the US Congress as a venue for her own campaign to keep her job ? Did she wish to impress voters back home with a starring role on a world stage ?
The most important change my brother made was in his mindset : he came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. He turned to the University of Nebraska , where he had received his undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
The most important change my wife made was in her mindset : she came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. She turned to the University of Nebraska , where she had received her undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
Consider unemployment , which in September stood at 10.5 % , compared to only 5 % in Germany. In the interview , Tammy acknowledged that , despite her pledge , a reversal of the negative employment trend did nt happen this year .
Consider unemployment , which in September stood at 10.5 % , compared to only 5 % in Germany. In the interview , Hugh acknowledged that , despite his pledge , a reversal of the negative employment trend did nt happen this year .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Jonathan to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Cheryl to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that she could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Betty for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Duane for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Marcus has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Martha has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
I would sit in such meetings watching Annie glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Annie would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Darrell glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Darrell would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Phyllis made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Todd made the most important appointment of his life the choice of his successor one can be sure that his calculations were thorough .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Reginald was finally sworn in , though he had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Deborah was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
Norma established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Norma was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from her own analysis of Singapore .
Erik established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Erik was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
But let us leave such questions aside for the moment. Assuming that Eldridge was guilty , and that he was released because he has only a short time to live , does a prisoners terminal illness justify compassionate release ?
But let us leave such questions aside for the moment. Assuming that Albercik was guilty , and that he was released because he has only a short time to live , does a prisoners terminal illness justify compassionate release ?
It is worth asking whether MBS is misreading political and economic realities. Having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite son of Rebecca , has she bitten off more than she can chew ?
It is worth asking whether MBS is misreading political and economic realities. Having been invested with unprecedented powers as the favorite son of Marcus , has he bitten off more than he can chew ?
It is not the critic who counts , Carolyn said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Carolyn continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Edgar said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Edgar continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
In that period , he has been Deputy Minister of Finance , founding Chairman of Chinas sovereign wealth fund , China Investment Corporation , and now Minister of Finance. I have always found him to be direct , intellectually curious , a first - rate analytical thinker , and a forward - looking advocate of market - based reforms .
In that period , she has been Deputy Minister of Finance , founding Chairman of Chinas sovereign wealth fund , China Investment Corporation , and now Minister of Finance. I have always found her to be direct , intellectually curious , a first - rate analytical thinker , and a forward - looking advocate of market - based reforms .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Neil and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Neil levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Jennifer and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Jennifer levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when she ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Martha eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Pedro eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Erik acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Barbara acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
From the start , Mildred was not broadly liked. Revelations during the campaign for example , that , in a 2015 speech , she had said that deep - seated cultural codes , religious beliefs , and structural biases have to be changed to secure womens reproductive and other rights reinforced fears that she would push too progressive a social agenda .
From the start , Derek was not broadly liked. Revelations during the campaign for example , that , in a 2015 speech , he had said that deep - seated cultural codes , religious beliefs , and structural biases have to be changed to secure womens reproductive and other rights reinforced fears that he would push too progressive a social agenda .
Then , Theresa was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views. According to Theresa , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
Then , Lance was interviewed on GEO TV , where he explained his political views. According to Lance , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .
Duane gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , he is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
Emily gained the upper hand early in the crisis with the annexation of Crimea. Now , in eastern Ukraine 's Donbas region , she is shrewdly forcing a divided and risk - averse West to choose between war and accommodation .
She ordered the Education Ministry to revise school textbooks to promote the idea that the Taiwanese people were fundamentally different , practically a different race from the Chinese. Clearly , Chens hatred of dictatorship , whether Communist or KMT , consumed her , limiting her ability to think clearly .
He ordered the Education Ministry to revise school textbooks to promote the idea that the Taiwanese people were fundamentally different , practically a different race from the Chinese. Clearly , Chens hatred of dictatorship , whether Communist or KMT , consumed him , limiting his ability to think clearly .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Albercik obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Odisseu obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Norma decision to reverse a policy she had espoused for decades .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Pedro decision to reverse a policy he had espoused for decades .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Theresa acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Jared acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
Of course , Pamela could preserve a bipolar political system and thus increase the longevity of her government by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability. But forcing such changes on her coalition partners could be as difficult for Pamela as tackling Italys daunting economic problems .
Of course , Jonathan could preserve a bipolar political system and thus increase the longevity of his government by either restoring a majoritarian electoral system or pressing ahead with other constitutional amendments designed to preserve government and coalition stability. But forcing such changes on his coalition partners could be as difficult for Jonathan as tackling Italys daunting economic problems .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Katherine will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as she did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Edgar will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Leroy huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Phyllis huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
In a recent speech at the National Assembly that recalled Jerome attack on the blind stupidity of Jew - hatred almost 120 years ago , he asked : How can we accept that in Franceshouts of Death to the Jews ! can be heard in our streets ? ... How can we accept that French people can be murdered because they are Jewish ? He then warned that the revival of anti - Semitism in France apparent , for example , in the anxiety over the Holocausts inclusion in the French school curriculum indicates a crisis of democracy .
In a recent speech at the National Assembly that recalled Martha attack on the blind stupidity of Jew - hatred almost 120 years ago , she asked : How can we accept that in Franceshouts of Death to the Jews ! can be heard in our streets ? ... How can we accept that French people can be murdered because they are Jewish ? She then warned that the revival of anti - Semitism in France apparent , for example , in the anxiety over the Holocausts inclusion in the French school curriculum indicates a crisis of democracy .
Todd was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Phyllis was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
But it rose again during the presidencies of Terrance and his wife and successor , Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner , to 25 % . It finally jumped back up to 40 % in 2016 , propelled by the removal of distortionary price subsidies that had previously been used to disguise the true inflation rate .
But it rose again during the presidencies of Margaret and her wife and successor , Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner , to 25 % . It finally jumped back up to 40 % in 2016 , propelled by the removal of distortionary price subsidies that had previously been used to disguise the true inflation rate .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick son whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick wife whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Katherine 's Texas swagger qualify her to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
A moment 's reflection should raise another question : does Neil 's Texas swagger qualify him to remain America 's Commander - in - Chief ?
Around the time when Indias prohibition of sodomy was enacted , Jorge was writing his celebrated essay On Liberty , in which he put forward the following principle :
Around the time when Indias prohibition of sodomy was enacted , Katherine was writing her celebrated essay On Liberty , in which she put forward the following principle :
For example , Todd assigned a low priority to Kurds and Shia in Iraq , to dissidents in China , and to Bosnians in the former Yugoslavia. In that sense , Bushs realism set limits to his cosmopolitanism .
For example , Emily assigned a low priority to Kurds and Shia in Iraq , to dissidents in China , and to Bosnians in the former Yugoslavia. In that sense , Bushs realism set limits to her cosmopolitanism .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Marcus , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Susan , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and her administration taught the Japanese to like them .
Closing down trade with China , as Annie would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Derek would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Some of Hugh advisers try to explain to him how trade deficits work in an economy that benefits enormously from having the worlds leading reserve currency. Challenging the trade deficit , they tell him , can imperil the V $ s reserve - currency status .
Some of Cynthia advisers try to explain to her how trade deficits work in an economy that benefits enormously from having the worlds leading reserve currency. Challenging the trade deficit , they tell her , can imperil the V $ s reserve - currency status .
Exasperated by Todd backtracking from his own plan for political union , Macron recently vented his frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , he complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
Exasperated by Katherine backtracking from her own plan for political union , Macron recently vented her frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , she complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
Fortunately for Jorge , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Teresa , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Rebecca for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Darrell for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
After all , Carolyn wrote her book to warn of the dangers posed by a romantic abhorrence of modernity. High , often long - term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep - seated cultural roots matter far more .
After all , Raul wrote his book to warn of the dangers posed by a romantic abhorrence of modernity. High , often long - term unemployment and cuts in social benefits nurture , but do not cause such attitudes ; their deep - seated cultural roots matter far more .
Hugh , in his eloquent statement , looked forward to the day when the law would allow a physician to act not only on a prior living will that bars life - prolonging treatment , but also on one that requests a lethal dose when the patient becomes incapacitated to a specified extent. Such a change would remove the anxiety that some patients with progressive dementia have that they will go on too long and miss the opportunity to end their life at all .
Pamela , in her eloquent statement , looked forward to the day when the law would allow a physician to act not only on a prior living will that bars life - prolonging treatment , but also on one that requests a lethal dose when the patient becomes incapacitated to a specified extent. Such a change would remove the anxiety that some patients with progressive dementia have that they will go on too long and miss the opportunity to end their life at all .
In short , as Leroy departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Emily departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
Diane would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. She could talk about the sort of Asia she would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that she believes are necessary .
Neil would then have an opportunity to pivot from the past to the future by declaring Japans intention to be generous and constructive. He could talk about the sort of Asia he would like to help build and describe the kind of regional institutions that he believes are necessary .
Despite Hugh ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of his deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism he has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Despite Jennifer ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of her deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism she has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Once secure in his victory , Norma immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
Once secure in his victory , Terrance immediately retracted the statement. He claimed that he meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Margaret eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Lance eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB years , Marilyn constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
He may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in his office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of his KGB years , Arnold constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
Perhaps surprisingly , Emily seems not to have wondered why she is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from her compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Perhaps surprisingly , Pedro seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
The firm cut a deal with Frederick , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Frederick had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Cynthia , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Cynthia had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Jonathan is Russia and Russia is Jonathan , he was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Phyllis is Russia and Russia is Phyllis , she was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick woman whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick boy whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
So it is no surprise that Barbara is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Neil is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
But in fact , it was the late President Chiang Ching - kuo , the son of Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek , who instituted the unprecedented democratic reforms that paved the way for the eventual electoral triumph of Rebecca formerly banned DPP. Rebecca personal wealth grew conspicuously shortly after she assumed office , but no one could produce hard evidence of her corruption back then .
But in fact , it was the late President Chiang Ching - kuo , the son of Generalissimo Chiang Kai - shek , who instituted the unprecedented democratic reforms that paved the way for the eventual electoral triumph of Marcus formerly banned DPP. Marcus personal wealth grew conspicuously shortly after he assumed office , but no one could produce hard evidence of his corruption back then .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Harry struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize his steam engine until he formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
This is easier said than done. At the very outset of industrialization , Melissa struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize her steam engine until she formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .
NEW DELHI Margaret made her first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. She is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
NEW DELHI Alfred made his first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. He is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Earl following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Dorothy following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
This criticism misses the mark. While Martha certainly made mistakes in her Syria policy mistakes that contributed to the crisis spiraling out of control the interventionism that is increasingly being championed by liberal and neo - conservative pundits alike has proved destructive on more than one occasion , including in Iraq and Libya .
This criticism misses the mark. While Zachary certainly made mistakes in his Syria policy mistakes that contributed to the crisis spiraling out of control the interventionism that is increasingly being championed by liberal and neo - conservative pundits alike has proved destructive on more than one occasion , including in Iraq and Libya .
When he retired on New Years Eve 1999 , for example , he asked forgiveness for launching the war in Chechnya. Derrick , by contrast , seems incapable of recognizing and admitting his mistakes , and persists in a policy long after its failure is visible to the world .
When she retired on New Years Eve 1999 , for example , she asked forgiveness for launching the war in Chechnya. Kathleen , by contrast , seems incapable of recognizing and admitting her mistakes , and persists in a policy long after its failure is visible to the world .
Its not a completely crazy idea , but I just do nt see it. If Erik is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze , why has he been trying in recent months to talk up longer - term rates by insisting that the Fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes ?
Its not a completely crazy idea , but I just do nt see it. If Theresa is so determined to keep interest rates in a deep freeze , why has she been trying in recent months to talk up longer - term rates by insisting that the Fed is likely to hike rates faster than the market currently believes ?
Furthermore , Cynthia was old and sick , and no longer enjoyed the trust of her people. Cynthia , by contrast , exudes energy and health , and may still reassure many segments of Russian society whose main concern is their countrys glory rather than its citizens happiness .
Furthermore , Darrell was old and sick , and no longer enjoyed the trust of his people. Darrell , by contrast , exudes energy and health , and may still reassure many segments of Russian society whose main concern is their countrys glory rather than its citizens happiness .
Pedro would fulminate against his every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Cynthia would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
In the unlikely event that the same thing happened again this year , alarm bells would have rung. Moreover , if the agenda that Jerome presents for the next five years suggests that he and the rest of the CCP leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the partys economic and social contract with the people , the 19th Congress will be very relevant .
In the unlikely event that the same thing happened again this year , alarm bells would have rung. Moreover , if the agenda that Phyllis presents for the next five years suggests that she and the rest of the CCP leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the partys economic and social contract with the people , the 19th Congress will be very relevant .
Moreover , Jerome contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Pamela contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their boy , their influence in his administration should not be in doubt .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their wife , their influence in her administration should not be in doubt .
Cheryl yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But she will not achieve it .
Derrick yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Jonathan had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. His administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Jessica had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Like many French leaders , Alfred was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in his grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to him , were coextensive with French values .
Like many French leaders , Norma was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in her grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to her , were coextensive with French values .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Dorothy put it in her Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Dorothy wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Leroy put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Leroy wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Given the way Elizabeth governed the country , it is hard to imagine that she will be able to stage a political comeback. Pakistan these days is a troubled country , politically as well as economically .
Given the way Nathaniel governed the country , it is hard to imagine that he will be able to stage a political comeback. Pakistan these days is a troubled country , politically as well as economically .
For many years after Lance was first elected , in 1994 ( he has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
For many years after Jennifer was first elected , in 1994 ( she has ruled without interruption ever since ) , most Belarusians did perhaps tolerate the regime , because they believed that it protected them from the worst excesses of neighboring Russias Wild East capitalism : corrupt privatization , job losses , and mafia rule. But , over time , and with more Belarusians traveling to the West , belief in Lukashenkos leadership has become unsustainable .
Lance was not off by much when he famously predicted in 1930 that the human race 's economic problem , the struggle for subsistence , `` was likely to be solved , or be at least within sight of solution , within a hundred years. `` It will take another generation , perhaps , before robots have completely taken over manufacturing , kitchen work , and construction ; and the developing world looks to be 50 years behind .
Kathleen was not off by much when she famously predicted in 1930 that the human race 's economic problem , the struggle for subsistence , `` was likely to be solved , or be at least within sight of solution , within a hundred years. `` It will take another generation , perhaps , before robots have completely taken over manufacturing , kitchen work , and construction ; and the developing world looks to be 50 years behind .
I am not so convinced. These are fairly ritualistic issues , and Chinese officials are smart enough to know that , given the Chinese governments recent behavior , Betty had little choice but to decide on them as she did .
I am not so convinced. These are fairly ritualistic issues , and Chinese officials are smart enough to know that , given the Chinese governments recent behavior , Terrance had little choice but to decide on them as he did .
There was a simple reason why Darrell was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Annie was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
Jeffery death sentence was carried out despite serious doubts about whether he was guilty of the crime for which he received it. Witnesses who had testified at his trial later said that prosecutors had coerced them .
Margaret death sentence was carried out despite serious doubts about whether she was guilty of the crime for which she received it. Witnesses who had testified at her trial later said that prosecutors had coerced them .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Julie never entered politics , she would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , she was extraordinary , because her methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Edgar never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Leroy will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Mildred will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as she did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Barbara opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Leroy opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
Had Mildred died , she eventually would have been forgotten another victim of the war that the extremists are waging in Pakistan. Her death would have added just one more individual to the tens of thousands who have already been killed in terrorist attacks across the country .
Had Zachary died , he eventually would have been forgotten another victim of the war that the extremists are waging in Pakistan. His death would have added just one more individual to the tens of thousands who have already been killed in terrorist attacks across the country .
Pamela has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had she been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Raul has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had he been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Of course , Elizabeth could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Pedro could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Jorge , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Tammy , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Trumps recent polling gains say less about his improvement as a candidate than they do about Kathy own weaknesses and bad luck. Outside her base of passionate loyalists , Kathy has always had a voter - enthusiasm problem .
Trumps recent polling gains say less about his improvement as a candidate than they do about Lance own weaknesses and bad luck. Outside his base of passionate loyalists , Lance has always had a voter - enthusiasm problem .
The issue , therefore , is not what Nathaniel , in his inaugural speech to the European Parliament , called a crisis of leadership. No statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
The issue , therefore , is not what Mildred , in her inaugural speech to the European Parliament , called a crisis of leadership. No statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick woman whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick husband whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
The very people who stood for hours in the cold to glimpse Karstein aboard the royal ship were revolting against him a decade later. The people may be silent for a time , as they devastatingly were at the end of another Pushkin masterpiece , the tragic play Boris Godunov , when a false new czar ascended to the throne .
The very people who stood for hours in the cold to glimpse Airiz aboard the royal ship were revolting against him a decade later. The people may be silent for a time , as they devastatingly were at the end of another Pushkin masterpiece , the tragic play Boris Godunov , when a false new czar ascended to the throne .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Zachary political class , he was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Dorothy political class , she was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Jennifer unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in her community , or retraining .
Instead , place a portion of Lukes equity in the farm in a public trust , which then provides a universal payment to everyone. In addition , we must legislate to improve the wages and conditions of every human still in employment , while our taxes provide Darrell unemployment benefits , a guaranteed paid job in his community , or retraining .
But he is far from alone in his frustration : the upshot of the gulf between legal principles and reality is that no member state is satisfied with the current system. While border countries continue to insist that the Dublin Regulation is unfair to them , northern countries complain that it is not being implemented properly .
But she is far from alone in her frustration : the upshot of the gulf between legal principles and reality is that no member state is satisfied with the current system. While border countries continue to insist that the Dublin Regulation is unfair to them , northern countries complain that it is not being implemented properly .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Zachary most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Deborah most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Since returning as prime minister in March 2009 she first held the job from June 1996 until July 1999 Netanyahu has overseen unprecedented economic growth and a series of diplomatic feats. At the same time , extreme divisiveness has become a political hallmark of her tenure , and the drumbeat of potential war in Syria , Lebanon , and Gaza has grown deafening .
Since returning as prime minister in March 2009 he first held the job from June 1996 until July 1999 Netanyahu has overseen unprecedented economic growth and a series of diplomatic feats. At the same time , extreme divisiveness has become a political hallmark of his tenure , and the drumbeat of potential war in Syria , Lebanon , and Gaza has grown deafening .
The expectation that he would allow the Arabs , particularly the Syrians and the Palestinians , to recover their land without resorting to arms has been proved , by his own admission , to be unrealistic. Nor has he been able to rein in Irans relentless drive for regional hegemony , or convince it to abandon its quest for nuclear arms .
The expectation that she would allow the Arabs , particularly the Syrians and the Palestinians , to recover their land without resorting to arms has been proved , by her own admission , to be unrealistic. Nor has she been able to rein in Irans relentless drive for regional hegemony , or convince it to abandon its quest for nuclear arms .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Elizabeth focused on climate change , and clearly stated both her priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Jonathan focused on climate change , and clearly stated both his priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
So , even in death , Erik will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
So , even in death , Dorothy will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will she be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of her greatest works ?
But Deborah , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Lance , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Frederick is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Diane is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Margaret achieved and how much she conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Leroy achieved and how much he conceded .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Cynthia each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Jorge each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Although he sometimes supported American policies , Teresa frequently rebuffed the US when its positions did not align with her own .
Although he sometimes supported American policies , Leroy frequently rebuffed the US when its positions did not align with his own .
Within weeks , however , Margaret fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Leroy fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
He was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Todd had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
She was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Pamela had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
The email saga added to voters long - held impression that Ibiacema is nt honest and trustworthy , and it exposed her to attacks from adversaries on the right. The highly conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch has continually called attention to the issue , forcing the disclosure of emails that Ibiacema had nt turned over to the State Department .
The email saga added to voters long - held impression that Pitsa is nt honest and trustworthy , and it exposed her to attacks from adversaries on the right. The highly conservative advocacy group Judicial Watch has continually called attention to the issue , forcing the disclosure of emails that Pitsa had nt turned over to the State Department .
Darrell got his arithmetic right in 1886 :
Jennifer got her arithmetic right in 1886 :
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Zachary , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Annie , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Jennifer is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Derek is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is he the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
Theresa rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Terrance rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Jeff has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Betty has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever she has deemed it necessary to preserve her and her partys position .
Derek , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
Betty , with her 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make her resemble her grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , her antiquated Mao suit , and her short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself. Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , she is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including her highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .
There Annie was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
There Jared was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
Deborah , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Jeffery , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Jeff . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least his polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Phyllis . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least her polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
Diplomatic efforts by the outside world proved ineffective , so in March 1999 , NATO began a 78-day bombing campaign against the Serbs. Susan was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention she proclaimed a new doctrine of international community that made it a just war , because it was based on superior Western values .
Diplomatic efforts by the outside world proved ineffective , so in March 1999 , NATO began a 78-day bombing campaign against the Serbs. Lance was at the forefront among Western leaders in pressing for NATO action , and to justify this innovation in outside intervention he proclaimed a new doctrine of international community that made it a just war , because it was based on superior Western values .
But today , Cheryl is remembered mostly for her contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero she was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
But today , Raul is remembered mostly for his contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero he was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Airiz were writing the same book in 2017 , he probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Oliviu were writing the same book in 2017 , he probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
It then takes Norma most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
It then takes Marcus most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Jessica said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. Her words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Terrance said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
Martha is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. She wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
Terrance is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. He wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
To my mind , that is a cause for praise , not criticism. Having worked with Katherine on the World Banks 2018 World Development Report on education , I know that she is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare .
To my mind , that is a cause for praise , not criticism. Having worked with Jorge on the World Banks 2018 World Development Report on education , I know that he is that rare politician who is genuinely committed to improving social welfare .
Annie won the prize because her lifelong commitment to political activism makes her exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
Nathaniel won the prize because his lifelong commitment to political activism makes him exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Marilyn as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West her approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Todd as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
More ominously , crime is on the rise and a breakdown in state - controlled health care is fueling the spread of various types of infectious disease. Pars hope must be that , by showing off his nuclear arsenal , he can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping him to resolve some of his regimes domestic crises .
More ominously , crime is on the rise and a breakdown in state - controlled health care is fueling the spread of various types of infectious disease. Tsahi hope must be that , by showing off his nuclear arsenal , he can bully the US , Japan , and South Korea into helping him to resolve some of his regimes domestic crises .
We went to his hairdresser , where he chatted while I had my hair cut. We went shopping at the Stanford shopping center , and had soup for lunch , sitting outside in unusually chilly weather because the eateries were crowded .
We went to her hairdresser , where she chatted while I had my hair cut. We went shopping at the Stanford shopping center , and had soup for lunch , sitting outside in unusually chilly weather because the eateries were crowded .
According to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left. But Annie acted as if her mandate had been unequivocal and put in place one of the most conservative governments France has seen for half a century .
According to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left. But Erik acted as if his mandate had been unequivocal and put in place one of the most conservative governments France has seen for half a century .
Kajinek also gave him his backing on human rights concerns , which , coming from the gentleman responsible in the eyes of most of the world -- for Guantnamo and Abu Ghraib , is perhaps damning with faint praise. But most disappointingly for Uribe , though understandably , the US President was unable to bring with him guaranteed congressional support either for Colombias Free Trade Agreement ( FTA ) with the US , nor funding renewal for the so - called Plan Colombia .
Kerigan also gave him his backing on human rights concerns , which , coming from the gentleman responsible in the eyes of most of the world -- for Guantnamo and Abu Ghraib , is perhaps damning with faint praise. But most disappointingly for Uribe , though understandably , the US President was unable to bring with him guaranteed congressional support either for Colombias Free Trade Agreement ( FTA ) with the US , nor funding renewal for the so - called Plan Colombia .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Jennifer does. What Jennifer is really after ( though she ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Alfred does. What Alfred is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
During the run - up to World War II , Emily , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of her day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
During the run - up to World War II , Derek , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of his day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Elizabeth as ungrateful and unpatriotic. She is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled her to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs her most .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Jorge as ungrateful and unpatriotic. He is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled him to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs him most .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Pedro wants to be seen as a convinced European , he must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Cynthia wants to be seen as a convinced European , she must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
LIMA On February 17 , Frederick is scheduled to celebrate Mass in Ciudad Jurez , Mexico , just south of the border with the United States. He will surely take that opportunity to urge support for the poor in Mexico and for those who have migrated north .
LIMA On February 17 , Rebecca is scheduled to celebrate Mass in Ciudad Jurez , Mexico , just south of the border with the United States. She will surely take that opportunity to urge support for the poor in Mexico and for those who have migrated north .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Marilyn say that she brooks no argument ; she is the only one setting the limits .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Hugh say that he brooks no argument ; he is the only one setting the limits .
If this is Barbara calculation , she is mistaken. Moreover , it is the kind of mistake that the British have been making in relations with Europe for the past half - century .
If this is Marcus calculation , he is mistaken. Moreover , it is the kind of mistake that the British have been making in relations with Europe for the past half - century .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Todd was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Carolyn was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
The wife , still refusing to step out , said she was a Harvard professor , showed her ID , and warned the cop not to mess with her . She said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for her name and identification .
The daddy , still refusing to step out , said he was a Harvard professor , showed his ID , and warned the cop not to mess with him . He said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for his name and identification .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Jared achieved and how much he conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Julie achieved and how much she conceded .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Annie reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Leroy reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Diane , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Jorge , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient gentleman of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Moreover , Zachary contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Annie contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Duane and his team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Martha and her team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
At the beginning of her term , France was at the helm of the European Union , and she proved to be a skillful leader. Understanding the gravity of the economic crisis that erupted in 2008 , she reacted swiftly and with considerable energy .
At the beginning of his term , France was at the helm of the European Union , and he proved to be a skillful leader. Understanding the gravity of the economic crisis that erupted in 2008 , he reacted swiftly and with considerable energy .
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Derek closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Barbara closest aides , her Press Secretary , when asked recently about her retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
The culpable failure , especially when lives are at stake , is not to disagree with scientists , but to reject science as a method of inquiry. Jerome must have known that , if his unorthodox views about the cause of AIDS and the efficacy of anti - retrovirals were wrong , his policy would lead to a large number of unnecessary deaths .
The culpable failure , especially when lives are at stake , is not to disagree with scientists , but to reject science as a method of inquiry. Mildred must have known that , if her unorthodox views about the cause of AIDS and the efficacy of anti - retrovirals were wrong , her policy would lead to a large number of unnecessary deaths .
As Betty attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Duane attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
Though Edgar has not commented on the matter , it is now clear that he could choose several passports when he travels the world on December 24th. In 2007 , a privately funded mini - submarine planted a Russian flag directly beneath his alleged home .
Though Diane has not commented on the matter , it is now clear that she could choose several passports when she travels the world on December 24th. In 2007 , a privately funded mini - submarine planted a Russian flag directly beneath her alleged home .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Derek has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Jennifer has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
NEW YORK If Terrance were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Barbara were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Theresa achieved and how much she conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Pedro achieved and how much he conceded .
Now memories of Emily remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Emily will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all her friends .
Now memories of Lance remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Lance will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all his friends .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Derek said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Teresa said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. Her words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
The first time was on November 7 , 2010 , when then - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hosted a dinner for Barbara at her New Delhi residence. At that time , the Indian economy stood out for having recovered quickly after the 2008 financial crisis .
The first time was on November 7 , 2010 , when then - Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hosted a dinner for Reginald at his New Delhi residence. At that time , the Indian economy stood out for having recovered quickly after the 2008 financial crisis .
Moreover , Cynthia contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Jonathan contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like her contemporary , Schumpeter , Julie regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like his contemporary , Schumpeter , Hugh regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Katherine has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Earl has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Katherine has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Jorge has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Kauko for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Lenci for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
This means that he will be accountable to and dependent on those who raised him to power , not in a symbolic sense , but in the quite real sense of fulfilling promises and facing sanctions if he does not. This narrow circle comprises not only very rich and resourceful people , but also members of informal but very effective organizations ( which are often , perhaps not entirely correctly , called mafia ) .
This means that she will be accountable to and dependent on those who raised her to power , not in a symbolic sense , but in the quite real sense of fulfilling promises and facing sanctions if she does not. This narrow circle comprises not only very rich and resourceful people , but also members of informal but very effective organizations ( which are often , perhaps not entirely correctly , called mafia ) .
He has been summoned three times by a Moscow criminal court to testify in a case against Alexei Ulyukaev , a former minister of economic development. But Cheryl has consistently failed to appear , with her office recently telling the court that she would nt be available until next year .
He has been summoned three times by a Moscow criminal court to testify in a case against Alexei Ulyukaev , a former minister of economic development. But Arnold has consistently failed to appear , with his office recently telling the court that he would nt be available until next year .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandfather of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mummy of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Erik disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Annie disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration. Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Mildred never entered politics , she would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , she was extraordinary , because her methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Terrance never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
Arnold poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Carolyn poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Like many French leaders , Tammy was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in her grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to her , were coextensive with French values .
Like many French leaders , Reginald was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in his grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to him , were coextensive with French values .
Does she respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Cheryl ?
Does he respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Jonathan ?
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Reginald began. And Reginald should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Carolyn began. And Carolyn should understand that her legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Dagmarka made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Lizzette made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Eldridge and his team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Pars and his team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
Annie can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Hugh can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Earl vivid imagination does not stop there : he has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as he is with defending his difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Jessica vivid imagination does not stop there : she has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as she is with defending her difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
As the end of his rule approached , Martha went through at least a half - dozen prime ministers , looking for the one who would ensure the security not only of Russias new democracy and market economy , but also of her family and the wealth that it had accumulated during her rule. The last man seated then was , of course , Martha .
As the end of his rule approached , Edgar went through at least a half - dozen prime ministers , looking for the one who would ensure the security not only of Russias new democracy and market economy , but also of his family and the wealth that it had accumulated during his rule. The last man seated then was , of course , Edgar .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Erik political class , he was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , he spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Her motto , My program is yours , could prove popular with citizens who , as in many other democracies , do not trust their political elite. Even though , like the majority of Betty political class , she was educated at Ecole Nationale dAdministration ( ENA ) , she spurns the language and habits of this elite factory .
Like many French leaders , Katherine was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in her grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to her , were coextensive with French values .
Like many French leaders , Jorge was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in his grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to him , were coextensive with French values .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Betty . Nevertheless , she has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
President - elect Donald Trump , who takes over the presidency this month , faces far easier conditions than Marcus . Nevertheless , he has announced plans to reverse most , if not all , of Obamas achievements .
Putins image as a steward of Kathleen greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and her tried - and - true tactic for renewing her popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Kathleen makes real changes within Russia , her approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , she will finally leave the presidency when her current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
Putins image as a steward of Erik greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and his tried - and - true tactic for renewing his popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Erik makes real changes within Russia , his approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , he will finally leave the presidency when his current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Earl and his government partly because of his ill - considered warning earlier this year that he would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that he is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
The referendum has become a litmus test for Susan and her government partly because of her ill - considered warning earlier this year that she would resign if the proposed reform of the Senate ( the parliaments upper house ) were voted down. But Renzis bigger problem is that she is a mid - term , unelected prime minister who promised , in 2014 , to bring change to a country that has heard it all before .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Bill disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Teresa disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration. Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
She has softened her image , by speaking up for pensioners and professing a new interest in animal rights. And , last but not least , she is still a stellar campaigner who happens to own the countrys major commercial TV stations .
He has softened his image , by speaking up for pensioners and professing a new interest in animal rights. And , last but not least , he is still a stellar campaigner who happens to own the countrys major commercial TV stations .
When Pamela was deposed , she fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of her extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold her accountable .
When Alfred was deposed , he fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of his extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold him accountable .
NEW DELHI Terrance made his first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. He is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
NEW DELHI Carolyn made her first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. She is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick uncle whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick grandmother whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
But Neil latest declaration that he has accomplished the nuclear - deterrent objective of his byungjin policy the other objective being economic modernization is not an empty boast. The North Korea challenge is no longer one of nuclear nonproliferation .
But Marilyn latest declaration that she has accomplished the nuclear - deterrent objective of her byungjin policy the other objective being economic modernization is not an empty boast. The North Korea challenge is no longer one of nuclear nonproliferation .
Without missing a beat , Alfred , like his predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in his leadership. As a catchphrase for his administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
Without missing a beat , Teresa , like her predecessors , rolled out a new slogan to inspire popular confidence in her leadership. As a catchphrase for her administrations objective , the great renaissance of the Chinese nation is bit long , but it has lately morphed into the simpler China Dream .
Later , he took the liberty of manipulating official statistics in order to hide inflation. And , while building a system that would do whatever the government wanted , he began a struggle against critical journalism that continues under his wife .
Later , she took the liberty of manipulating official statistics in order to hide inflation. And , while building a system that would do whatever the government wanted , she began a struggle against critical journalism that continues under her wife .
In the first scene , Susan uses poker to illustrate a concept to a large class sitting in rapt attention , and she schools a graduate teaching assistant. Of course , most courses on game theory involve a lot of mathematics about strategic relationships , not playing actual games .
In the first scene , Alfred uses poker to illustrate a concept to a large class sitting in rapt attention , and he schools a graduate teaching assistant. Of course , most courses on game theory involve a lot of mathematics about strategic relationships , not playing actual games .
The next day , Jeffery face was drawn , but he was resolute and full of energy. Ministers who sympathized with the settlers , notably the long - time Gaullist Jacques Soustelle , were sacked .
The next day , Elizabeth face was drawn , but she was resolute and full of energy. Ministers who sympathized with the settlers , notably the long - time Gaullist Jacques Soustelle , were sacked .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Kathy said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. Her words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Hugh said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
In the late 1950s , when Margaret dictatorship in Spain was in its third decade , her government undertook technocratic reforms. The result was the so - called Spanish miracle a decade - and - a - half - long spike in economic growth .
In the late 1950s , when Jared dictatorship in Spain was in its third decade , his government undertook technocratic reforms. The result was the so - called Spanish miracle a decade - and - a - half - long spike in economic growth .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Phyllis wants to be seen as a convinced European , she must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Derrick wants to be seen as a convinced European , he must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
Terrance second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , he warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
Marilyn second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , she warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Julie often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Jeff often uses vivid examples to make his points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Martha as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Duane as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB years , Cheryl constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
He may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in his office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of his KGB years , Pedro constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
Her ambition should have been to tie Russias future to that of Europe. Instead , Kathleen turned for inspiration to Nicholas I , the most reactionary of Russias nineteenth - century czars .
His ambition should have been to tie Russias future to that of Europe. Instead , Pedro turned for inspiration to Nicholas I , the most reactionary of Russias nineteenth - century czars .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Derek . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Diane . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Alfred wants to be seen as a convinced European , he must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
More Europe in security terms means more Alliance. So , because Elizabeth wants to be seen as a convinced European , she must normalize Frances relations with a new Alliance based on two pillars European and American .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Jerome in his 1989 book A Forest Journey .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Emily in her 1989 book A Forest Journey .
She even claimed to be proud of not enforcing the red line she had drawn in 2012 regarding Syrian President Bashar al - Assads use of chemical weapons , as neither international law nor the US Congress would have sanctioned intervention. That decision , Obama emphasized , enabled an agreement to remove , with Russian cooperation , most of Syrias chemical - weapons stockpile .
He even claimed to be proud of not enforcing the red line he had drawn in 2012 regarding Syrian President Bashar al - Assads use of chemical weapons , as neither international law nor the US Congress would have sanctioned intervention. That decision , Obama emphasized , enabled an agreement to remove , with Russian cooperation , most of Syrias chemical - weapons stockpile .
This was the same Rebecca who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Jorge who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Yet most of the problems Jorge is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when he ran against Barack Obama. Others he has brought on himself .
Yet most of the problems Diane is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when she ran against Barack Obama. Others she has brought on herself .
Neil rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Theresa rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Zachary really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Martha really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
The man of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The grandmother of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
Naturally , Phyllis offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Edgar offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Reginald shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that his predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and he has not gone out of his way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Jennifer shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
The press covering Julie were furious to learn that twodays earlier she had been diagnosed with pneumonia and had kept it to herself . But American presidential elections are brutal marathons , and its understandable that she did not want to cancel planned events .
The press covering Todd were furious to learn that twodays earlier he had been diagnosed with pneumonia and had kept it to himself . But American presidential elections are brutal marathons , and its understandable that he did not want to cancel planned events .
Alfred established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Alfred was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Kathy established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Kathy was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from her own analysis of Singapore .
He was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Darrell had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
She was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Diane had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Katherine spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Jerome spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
This is conceptually sound. But there are problems with Katherine proposal as she has articulated it .
This is conceptually sound. But there are problems with Erik proposal as he has articulated it .
I would sit in such meetings watching Diane glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned her of diminishing US government patience with her autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Diane would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
I would sit in such meetings watching Jerome glance over at me , wondering why I had previously warned him of diminishing US government patience with his autocratic rule and dire consequences. Meanwhile , the visitors from Washington made points that were so subtle and nuanced that Jerome would have needed a decoding device to comprehend their real meaning .
Annie thinks that her stunts are essential to governance. She has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Harry thinks that his stunts are essential to governance. He has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
This election is taking place because when the AKP party , the conservative party now in power , designated Foreign Minister Phyllis as its candidate for president , the countrys secular elite cringed. Phyllis was not the issue ; the issue was her wife .
This election is taking place because when the AKP party , the conservative party now in power , designated Foreign Minister Terrance as its candidate for president , the countrys secular elite cringed. Terrance was not the issue ; the issue was his wife .
NEW YORK amp # 45 ; amp # 45 ; Three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks United Nations negotiator Rebecca is undertaking as she shuttles between Burmas ruling generals and the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
NEW YORK amp # 45 ; amp # 45 ; Three hard facts are setting the boundaries for the talks United Nations negotiator Alfred is undertaking as he shuttles between Burmas ruling generals and the detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Edgar and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Elizabeth and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a son was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a wife was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Kathleen , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that she rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Bill , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
She even has her own development strategy , dubbed Thaksinomics , a self - styled approach that blends neo - liberal export - led growth with grassroots - based domestic demand. The Thai economy emerged out of its post-1997 crisis doldrums under Thaksins watch , and is now firmly positioned on a 6 % annual growth trajectory .
He even has his own development strategy , dubbed Thaksinomics , a self - styled approach that blends neo - liberal export - led growth with grassroots - based domestic demand. The Thai economy emerged out of its post-1997 crisis doldrums under Thaksins watch , and is now firmly positioned on a 6 % annual growth trajectory .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Leroy relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Norma relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
Argentines today feel much like Mildred did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Jorge did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Jorge for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Elizabeth for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Edgar has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Melissa has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
Kauko agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Oliviu agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Cheryl said herself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Earl said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Jorge takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Phyllis takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Fortunately for Julie , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Nathaniel , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Neil focused on climate change , and clearly stated both his priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Margaret focused on climate change , and clearly stated both her priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
Jared , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Phyllis , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Jennifer uses that framework and thus what imprint she leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Arnold uses that framework and thus what imprint he leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
Most historians agree that Leroy lived up to his name ; not only did he kill his son and other relatives , he also ordered the oprichnina , the state - led purges that terrorized Russia from 1565 to 1572. He also presided over Russias defeat in the Livonian War , and his misrule contributed to the Time of Troubles and the states devastating depopulation .
Most historians agree that Cynthia lived up to her name ; not only did she kill her son and other relatives , she also ordered the oprichnina , the state - led purges that terrorized Russia from 1565 to 1572. She also presided over Russias defeat in the Livonian War , and her misrule contributed to the Time of Troubles and the states devastating depopulation .
One question is why Kathy and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Kathy has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Duane and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Duane has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Finally , supposing Derrick is on the verge of victory , what should he do with it ? Many have advocated negotiating pacification with the late FARC leader Manuel Marulandas successors .
Finally , supposing Jennifer is on the verge of victory , what should she do with it ? Many have advocated negotiating pacification with the late FARC leader Manuel Marulandas successors .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Tammy began. And Tammy should understand that her legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Neil began. And Neil should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Harry dictatorship : his docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
This meager effort , however , is an insufficient response by Europes democracies to the full panoply of Emily dictatorship : her docile courts , brutal jails , and corrupt police. Are a few hours of radio broadcasting really all Europe and the democratic west can muster ?
One of the lessons of the Deborah debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against her from the start because of her involvement in the Iraq War .
One of the lessons of the Arnold debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his involvement in the Iraq War .
So , even in death , Deborah will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will she be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of her greatest works ?
So , even in death , Pedro will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Hugh has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Elizabeth has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
Thus , Edgar has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Thus , Martha has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. She is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Hugh , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Hugh ; it would also require his to invest all of his remaining political capital .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Susan , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Susan ; it would also require her to invest all of her remaining political capital .
Diane , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Reginald , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Jonathan justifications for what he did , and further articulations of his interventionist creed , when he goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes his memoirs. The pathos of his situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
Doubtless , we will learn more about Marilyn justifications for what she did , and further articulations of her interventionist creed , when she goes on the lecture circuit and , in due course , publishes her memoirs. The pathos of her situation , though , is that no one is listening anymore .
Derrick , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Annie , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
And he sits on the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) , which sets monetary policy but not on the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , which oversees bank regulation. Still , his call for an evaluation of the TBTF problem will have a major impact for three reasons .
And she sits on the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) , which sets monetary policy but not on the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , which oversees bank regulation. Still , her call for an evaluation of the TBTF problem will have a major impact for three reasons .
Airiz is free to lead his country as he pleases , but America and its allies can not and should not maintain their current levels of commitment unless his government can establish itself as a viable partner. The 18-month clock is ticking .
Theoden is free to lead his country as he pleases , but America and its allies can not and should not maintain their current levels of commitment unless his government can establish itself as a viable partner. The 18-month clock is ticking .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Verners , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Jivavijaya , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Jorge put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Jorge wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Jessica put it in her Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Jessica wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Her answer left me thinking. After a somber review of events in her country , she concluded : You are very lucky to be in Latin America , even though it may not seem that way sometimes .
His answer left me thinking. After a somber review of events in his country , he concluded : You are very lucky to be in Latin America , even though it may not seem that way sometimes .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Tammy and her ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
But a close look reveals the hands of the mandarins behind these debacles. Todd and his ministers were simply not provided with critical facts by the bureaucrats who are supposed to serve them .
BRUSSELS It is time for Albercik to start selling himself . His chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case he makes .
BRUSSELS It is time for Kajinek to start selling himself . His chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case he makes .
By 1946 , he was considered senior enough to be sent to Europe as part of the pre - state delegation to the first post - war Zionist Congress. He then began to work closely with Israels leading founder , David Ben - Gurion , at the Ministry of Defense , mostly in procurement , during Israels Independence War , eventually rising to become the ministrys director - general .
By 1946 , she was considered senior enough to be sent to Europe as part of the pre - state delegation to the first post - war Zionist Congress. She then began to work closely with Israels leading founder , David Ben - Gurion , at the Ministry of Defense , mostly in procurement , during Israels Independence War , eventually rising to become the ministrys director - general .
But he dropped out of secondary school because his family could not afford the $ 6 in monthly fees. Before Chrissie was 18 , he was married with a child ; he has never left the village where we were born .
But she dropped out of secondary school because her family could not afford the $ 6 in monthly fees. Before Chrissie was 18 , she was married with a child ; she has never left the village where we were born .
Jorge has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of his own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Margaret has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of her own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
As a candidate , Cynthia was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Jonathan was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
Yet Emily may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Yet Zachary may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to his isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Erik was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Dorothy was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
Margaret was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Jorge was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a gentleman was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a aunt was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
He has been credited with the introduction of the concept of managed democracy in Russia , and he played a leading role in nurturing the secession of Abkhazia and South Ossetia from Georgia. More recently , he was a guiding hand behind Russias invasion of Ukraine and annexation of Crimea , inspiring the feverish media campaigns that have delivered near - universal public support for these moves .
She has been credited with the introduction of the concept of managed democracy in Russia , and she played a leading role in nurturing the secession of Abkhazia and South Ossetia from Georgia. More recently , she was a guiding hand behind Russias invasion of Ukraine and annexation of Crimea , inspiring the feverish media campaigns that have delivered near - universal public support for these moves .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Budivid , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Theoden , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Carolyn leadership during World War II and her views of our role in the world when that war was over. She and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
For my entire adult life , Britains sense of its place in the world has been largely defined by Jerome leadership during World War II and his views of our role in the world when that war was over. He and other political leaders were keen on a united Europe .
Alfred rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Jennifer rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Fortunately for Jared , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Emily , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
There Kauko was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
There Matevz was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
All of which brings us back to Carolyn . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Jeffery . He chose the people .
For one thing , Diane has decided to bring her Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
For one thing , Bill has decided to bring his Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
Indeed , in the wake of the Greek crisis , Edgar spoke publicly of the need to be able to exclude eurozone members that do not play by the rules. Does he seriously believe that the euro and the EU would survive such punitive action ?
Indeed , in the wake of the Greek crisis , Jennifer spoke publicly of the need to be able to exclude eurozone members that do not play by the rules. Does she seriously believe that the euro and the EU would survive such punitive action ?
In recent years , the tail has tended to wag the dog in the UK , with Martha kowtowing to the fanatically anti - European wing of her Conservative Party , if only to hold the pro - withdrawal UK Independence Party at bay. But now that her own authority has been strengthened significantly by her victory , with the UKIP emerging as the elections biggest loser , she can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed European that she truly is .
In recent years , the tail has tended to wag the dog in the UK , with Hugh kowtowing to the fanatically anti - European wing of his Conservative Party , if only to hold the pro - withdrawal UK Independence Party at bay. But now that his own authority has been strengthened significantly by his victory , with the UKIP emerging as the elections biggest loser , he can now step forward as the pragmatic but committed European that he truly is .
Moreover , Margaret lack of Koizumis star quality and outsider charisma has made her rely more heavily than her predecessor on the LDPs existing leadership. These leaders are less concerned with the reform agenda than with promoting patriotism among Japanese youth , upgrading the Defense Agency to a ministry , and enacting a law to permit a referendum to revise the pacifist constitution .
Moreover , Nathaniel lack of Koizumis star quality and outsider charisma has made him rely more heavily than his predecessor on the LDPs existing leadership. These leaders are less concerned with the reform agenda than with promoting patriotism among Japanese youth , upgrading the Defense Agency to a ministry , and enacting a law to permit a referendum to revise the pacifist constitution .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Edgar as particularly soft. On the contrary , his possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Betty as particularly soft. On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
The moral authority that Duane exudes makes his interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as his condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during his visit to the US , his views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
The moral authority that Annie exudes makes her interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as her condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during her visit to the US , her views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
The daddy of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The mom of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see. Margaret managed to defeat her more conventional Republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them : a maverick who says what she damned well wants , a tough guy with the knowing wink of the old ladies man .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see. Darrell managed to defeat his more conventional Republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them : a maverick who says what he damned well wants , a tough guy with the knowing wink of the old ladies man .
Israels current prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , has been less worried than Lance was about Israels perceived role. He is too busy being directly engaged in the attempt to eliminate the deadly threat that a nuclear - armed Iran would pose to the Jewish state .
Israels current prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , has been less worried than Marilyn was about Israels perceived role. She is too busy being directly engaged in the attempt to eliminate the deadly threat that a nuclear - armed Iran would pose to the Jewish state .
Neil has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
Kathy has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Pedro , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Pedro was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Theresa , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Theresa was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
Edgar is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with his counterparts , Edgar needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Julie is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Julie needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Abes predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , was a mold - breaking leader , reviving Japans economy , reforming the postal savings system , and smashing the long - ruling Liberal Democratic Partys faction system. But Neil also legitimized a new Japanese nationalism , antagonizing China and South Korea by his annual visits to the Yasukuni Shrine .
Abes predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , was a mold - breaking leader , reviving Japans economy , reforming the postal savings system , and smashing the long - ruling Liberal Democratic Partys faction system. But Cynthia also legitimized a new Japanese nationalism , antagonizing China and South Korea by her annual visits to the Yasukuni Shrine .
Edgar was not killed , but allowed to live in an old Beijing courtyard house with his family. He was let out from time to time , but under guard like a zoo animal , to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf , one of the many manifestations of bourgeois liberalization that his reform efforts allowed to leak through Chinas once hermetic seal .
Pamela was not killed , but allowed to live in an old Beijing courtyard house with her family. She was let out from time to time , but under guard like a zoo animal , to go to some spa or to play solitary holes of golf , one of the many manifestations of bourgeois liberalization that her reform efforts allowed to leak through Chinas once hermetic seal .
Its leading candidate for the presidential nomination , John Kerry , talks about how `` Benedict Arnold CEO 's `` betray America by outsourcing jobs. Kajinek 's remaining competitor , John Edwards , talks about how the gap on trade between him and Kajinek is wide and deep - with Kajinek on the free - trade side .
Its leading candidate for the presidential nomination , John Kerry , talks about how `` Benedict Arnold CEO 's `` betray America by outsourcing jobs. Jivavijaya 's remaining competitor , John Edwards , talks about how the gap on trade between him and Jivavijaya is wide and deep - with Jivavijaya on the free - trade side .
The views of Cecil Rhodes , or Admiral Nelson , though fairly conventional in their time , are certainly no longer fashionable today. It is highly unlikely that many British people gazing up at Albercik on his column or passing Oriel College , Oxford , will be inspired to advocate slavery or build an empire in Africa .
The views of Cecil Rhodes , or Admiral Nelson , though fairly conventional in their time , are certainly no longer fashionable today. It is highly unlikely that many British people gazing up at Odisseu on his column or passing Oriel College , Oxford , will be inspired to advocate slavery or build an empire in Africa .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Emily run , while keeping her off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Emily to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Jared run , while keeping him off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Jared to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Likewise , there could be no clearer symbol of resistance to change than his proposed wall on the US - Mexico border. And his crackdown on illegal immigration and ban on travelers from predominantly Muslim countries signals his commitment to a pure American nation .
Likewise , there could be no clearer symbol of resistance to change than her proposed wall on the US - Mexico border. And her crackdown on illegal immigration and ban on travelers from predominantly Muslim countries signals her commitment to a pure American nation .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my boy would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , he does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my mother would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , she does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
Was Duane right to boast of Americas role in giving these countries their freedom ? As he put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?
Was Pamela right to boast of Americas role in giving these countries their freedom ? As she put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?
His point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition , like Octavio Paz and Isaiah Berlin. For Derek ( and for many of his contemporaries ) , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes ( whatever that meant ) .
His point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition , like Octavio Paz and Isaiah Berlin. For Mildred ( and for many of her contemporaries ) , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes ( whatever that meant ) .
We learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics , and voice - recognition software uses a theory - less learning algorithm called a hidden Markov chain on a set of audios and their texts , rather than by using linguistics , as Theresa tells us in her book How to Create a Mind. To the chagrin of many of us academics , theory is often dispensable .
We learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics , and voice - recognition software uses a theory - less learning algorithm called a hidden Markov chain on a set of audios and their texts , rather than by using linguistics , as Marcus tells us in his book How to Create a Mind. To the chagrin of many of us academics , theory is often dispensable .
In the FA primaries , Cheryl won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing herself farther to the left than her rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
In the FA primaries , Neil won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
Within weeks , however , Derek fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Martha fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Kathleen assumes power a half - century after her father , Jomo Kenyatta , led Kenya to independence. The anniversary provides a reason to reflect on some of the countrys achievements and failings , especially in the field of education the key to economic opportunity and professionalization of the public sector .
Jonathan assumes power a half - century after his father , Jomo Kenyatta , led Kenya to independence. The anniversary provides a reason to reflect on some of the countrys achievements and failings , especially in the field of education the key to economic opportunity and professionalization of the public sector .
I should declare a personal interest here : I was stateless for a time after my birth in Geneva. My brother was American , but naturalized too recently to hand his US citizenship on to me .
I should declare a personal interest here : I was stateless for a time after my birth in Geneva. My girl was American , but naturalized too recently to hand her US citizenship on to me .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Derrick decision has effectively ended his ties to his two most important allies , thereby not only weakening his position , but also increasing his readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Tammy decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
In short , as Neil departs , he leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
In short , as Teresa departs , she leaves behind an American economy burdened with high household and government debt and fragile balance sheets a legacy that is already contributing to global financial instability .
His Flickr feed is his art , a sort of memorial , but his Facebook page is his life. People have come to pay tribute .
Her Flickr feed is her art , a sort of memorial , but her Facebook page is her life. People have come to pay tribute .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed daddy named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed lady named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
He has tried to understand what we can do to lower unemployment and increase the well - being of those at the bottom. But he has also striven to understand what makes capitalist economies dynamic , what lies behind the entrepreneurial spirit , and what we can do to promote it further .
She has tried to understand what we can do to lower unemployment and increase the well - being of those at the bottom. But she has also striven to understand what makes capitalist economies dynamic , what lies behind the entrepreneurial spirit , and what we can do to promote it further .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Dorothy . When Dorothy returned to power , Modi congratulated her with a telephone call .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Nathaniel . When Nathaniel returned to power , Modi congratulated him with a telephone call .
What these fighters for justice and freedom take from this 3,500-word document is the brief statements of general principles in response to Johns arbitrary seizure of his subjects property and person. In its 39th Chapter , Magna Carta states : No free husband is to be arrested , or imprisoned , or diseised [ dispossessed ] , or outlawed , or exiled , or in any way destroyed , nor will we go against him , nor will we send against him , save by the lawful judgement of his peers or by the law of the land .
What these fighters for justice and freedom take from this 3,500-word document is the brief statements of general principles in response to Johns arbitrary seizure of his subjects property and person. In its 39th Chapter , Magna Carta states : No free daughter is to be arrested , or imprisoned , or diseised [ dispossessed ] , or outlawed , or exiled , or in any way destroyed , nor will we go against her , nor will we send against her , save by the lawful judgement of her peers or by the law of the land .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Tammy is India , India is Tammy reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when her followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Jorge is India , India is Jorge reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when his followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Deborah stern criticism of Chinas expansionist policies has certainly not endeared her to the Chinese. But regional powers like the United States and Japan have supported her stance , with Japan promising to deliver enhanced equipment for the Philippine Coast Guard .
Bill stern criticism of Chinas expansionist policies has certainly not endeared him to the Chinese. But regional powers like the United States and Japan have supported his stance , with Japan promising to deliver enhanced equipment for the Philippine Coast Guard .
Baroness Humaila , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Shontae , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Edgar , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Cynthia , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Its leading candidate for the presidential nomination , John Kerry , talks about how `` Benedict Arnold CEO 's `` betray America by outsourcing jobs. Jonathan 's remaining competitor , John Edwards , talks about how the gap on trade between him and Jonathan is wide and deep - with Jonathan on the free - trade side .
Its leading candidate for the presidential nomination , John Kerry , talks about how `` Benedict Arnold CEO 's `` betray America by outsourcing jobs. Annie 's remaining competitor , John Edwards , talks about how the gap on trade between her and Annie is wide and deep - with Annie on the free - trade side .
The most important change my brother made was in his mindset : he came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. He turned to the University of Nebraska , where he had received his undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
The most important change my lady made was in her mindset : she came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. She turned to the University of Nebraska , where she had received her undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Jorge envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Martha envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
In the end , Marcus has what history left him : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
In the end , Martha has what history left her : not ideas , just a faction yearning to consolidate its grip on power. Lenin and Trotsky needed a party to make their ideology a reality ;
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Edgar will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Edgar has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Mildred will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of her entire foreign policy. In fact , Mildred has already expressed her objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Annie decision to reverse a policy she had espoused for decades .
To begin with , it is imperative to understand how much credit Palestinians can credibly claim for the Israeli withdrawal. True , Palestinian resistance and sacrifices were a contributing factor in Jorge decision to reverse a policy he had espoused for decades .
Fortunately for Darrell , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Elizabeth , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Pedro , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Barbara , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Marcus spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Melissa spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
For this reason , the proportion of resources that we expend on lighting has remained virtually unchanged for the past three centuries , at about 0.72 % of gross domestic product. As Karstein and his colleagues observe in their journal article , This was the case in the UK in 1700 , is the case in the undeveloped world not on grid electricity in modern times , and is the case for the developed world in modern times using the most advanced lighting technologies .
For this reason , the proportion of resources that we expend on lighting has remained virtually unchanged for the past three centuries , at about 0.72 % of gross domestic product. As Oliviu and his colleagues observe in their journal article , This was the case in the UK in 1700 , is the case in the undeveloped world not on grid electricity in modern times , and is the case for the developed world in modern times using the most advanced lighting technologies .
One of the mans goals in immolating himself , according to the letter , was to force the chairman of PiS and the entire PiS nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility , and that they have my blood on their hands. The sister hoped that her act of protest would influence PiS supporters 47 % of the population , according to the latest polls who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law .
One of the mans goals in immolating himself , according to the letter , was to force the chairman of PiS and the entire PiS nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility , and that they have my blood on their hands. The husband hoped that his act of protest would influence PiS supporters 47 % of the population , according to the latest polls who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law .
She sees that a subset of Venetians are upset about the loss of manufacturing jobs they lacked the skills or flexibility to move to higher - value - added sectors and she capitalizes on it. She likens trade deficits to economic losses almost to theft and declares China the enemy .
He sees that a subset of Venetians are upset about the loss of manufacturing jobs they lacked the skills or flexibility to move to higher - value - added sectors and he capitalizes on it. He likens trade deficits to economic losses almost to theft and declares China the enemy .
And she insists , over the protests of countless economists , that trade deficits are a sign of US economic weakness. According to Alan Levinovitz , a professor of religious studies at James Madison University , Trump uses capitalization in her tweets much as medical quacks and religious charlatans did in their efforts to bamboozle the public in centuries past .
And he insists , over the protests of countless economists , that trade deficits are a sign of US economic weakness. According to Alan Levinovitz , a professor of religious studies at James Madison University , Trump uses capitalization in his tweets much as medical quacks and religious charlatans did in their efforts to bamboozle the public in centuries past .
Imagine Carolyn parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called her this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Imagine Erik parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called him this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Darrell efforts to fight corruption and rebuild his countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
Annie efforts to fight corruption and rebuild her countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
Reginald is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Kathy is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Moreover , Phyllis has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. She has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
Moreover , Raul has fomented nationalism , not by taking understandable pride in Chinas impressive economic growth , but by demonizing Japan. He has become increasingly reliant on the facile notion that state - sponsored patriotism and nationalism can hold Chinas disparate groups together .
Worse still , by ladling money and arms to Cheryl without offering her a political horizon that would deepen her support among ordinary Palestinians , while at the same time imprisoning all Hamas leaders in the West Bank , Israel and the United States are condemning Cheryl to seeming a collaborator in the eyes of her people .
Worse still , by ladling money and arms to Derrick without offering him a political horizon that would deepen his support among ordinary Palestinians , while at the same time imprisoning all Hamas leaders in the West Bank , Israel and the United States are condemning Derrick to seeming a collaborator in the eyes of his people .
Should nt that cleaners drudgery to support her family , children , and her own survival be taken equally into account ? Life under totalitarianism was an extreme situation that requires us to apply special , nuanced rules to all the captives of that ordeal .
Should nt that cleaners drudgery to support his family , children , and his own survival be taken equally into account ? Life under totalitarianism was an extreme situation that requires us to apply special , nuanced rules to all the captives of that ordeal .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Jared is , the mystery is over. His actions this week show that he is Russias new autocrat .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Martha is , the mystery is over. Her actions this week show that she is Russias new autocrat .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Reginald , underscored this tendency during his first visit to China , where his unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
Instead , Obamas administration is guided by a relativist political realism that assumes respect for cultural and religious distinctions. His secretary of state , Jessica , underscored this tendency during her first visit to China , where her unmistakeable message was that order and stability take priority over liberty and human rights .
What made this highly significant was that Kathy is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Kathy is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Jonathan is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Jonathan is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
She loves everything she has learned about Paris. So , like other Londoners , and citizens of free societies everywhere , she was horrified by the recent atrocities there .
He loves everything he has learned about Paris. So , like other Londoners , and citizens of free societies everywhere , he was horrified by the recent atrocities there .
Bill was not perfect. Like everyone else , he made mistakes and got some things wrong .
Tammy was not perfect. Like everyone else , she made mistakes and got some things wrong .
But , in a sense , Terrance irreverence makes him practically irrelevant. After all , judging by his past behavior , it seems likely that he will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
But , in a sense , Martha irreverence makes her practically irrelevant. After all , judging by her past behavior , it seems likely that she will accuse China of currency manipulation , regardless of the policy path it chooses : a completely free float with full convertibility , the current managed float , or a pegged exchange rate .
Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm. Dorothy is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of her proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would she fund her plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , she has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm. Jonathan is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of his proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would he fund his plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , he has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Reginald acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Barbara acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Emily mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Alfred mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
The need for Christop to address the regions new realities early in his tenure has been underlined by the current financial crisis , which has made abundantly clear that the center of global economic power has shifted toward the East. It is also clear that the Wests future role will depend on how America manages this new distribution of power .
The need for Kajinek to address the regions new realities early in his tenure has been underlined by the current financial crisis , which has made abundantly clear that the center of global economic power has shifted toward the East. It is also clear that the Wests future role will depend on how America manages this new distribution of power .
Norma accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right. Rather than defend that theory , Norma admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .
Jerome accuses Krugman of misleading his readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right. Rather than defend that theory , Jerome admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .
LONDON In the United States , for people of a certain age , Martha was a superstar , and Americans have been surprised at the sharply divided views on display in the Britain that she governed for 11 years. But Britons were not astonished .
LONDON In the United States , for people of a certain age , Derek was a superstar , and Americans have been surprised at the sharply divided views on display in the Britain that he governed for 11 years. But Britons were not astonished .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Frederick warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. His statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Naming China among a handful of countries that have stepped up Internet censorship , Julie warned that a new information curtain is descending across much of the world. Her statement , with its allusion to the Cold War - era Iron Curtain , amounted to an implicit admission that the central assumption guiding US policy on China since the 1990s that assisting Chinas economic rise would usher in greater political openness there has gone awry .
Another lies in having weakened and neutralized the left - wing opposition , and being able to govern without major confrontations in the streets or Congress. Other changes a counter - productive electoral reform , a minor revenue - enhancing tax reform , and hypothetical oil - sector reform all suffer from Marcus penchant for minimalism : enacting legislation seems more important to him than the content .
Another lies in having weakened and neutralized the left - wing opposition , and being able to govern without major confrontations in the streets or Congress. Other changes a counter - productive electoral reform , a minor revenue - enhancing tax reform , and hypothetical oil - sector reform all suffer from Julie penchant for minimalism : enacting legislation seems more important to her than the content .
Did he really forget what happened to Ben Ali and Marcos ? Was it not obvious that illegally amassing immense personal wealth would increase the likelihood that he would be overthrown and spend the rest of his life in prison or , at best , in exile ?
Did she really forget what happened to Ben Ali and Marcos ? Was it not obvious that illegally amassing immense personal wealth would increase the likelihood that she would be overthrown and spend the rest of her life in prison or , at best , in exile ?
As much as Jessica has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Jessica does not mention issues that she knows are central to fiscal choices .
As much as Lance has made of the Reinhart/ Rogoff paper , the debate between Austerians and Keynesians has limited relevance outside of the US. Lance does not mention issues that he knows are central to fiscal choices .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Eldridge for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Waabberi for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Tammy would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Nathaniel would fulminate against his every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Baroness Dorothy , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Jeffery , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Alfred had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to him by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. He liked to portray himself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Marilyn had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to her by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. She liked to portray herself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
His judgments there were no better than those that got the United States involved in that disastrous adventure. Having placed fighting corruption at the top of the Banks agenda , he left in the middle of his term , accused of favoritism .
Her judgments there were no better than those that got the United States involved in that disastrous adventure. Having placed fighting corruption at the top of the Banks agenda , she left in the middle of her term , accused of favoritism .
LONDON Theresa has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Frederick has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
Moreover , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Emily is one of her only allies within the EU. In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against her on issues relating to eurozone reform .
Moreover , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Erik is one of his only allies within the EU. In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against him on issues relating to eurozone reform .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Derek and his political allies .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Annie and her political allies .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Raul said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Cheryl said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
GENEVA Teresa championed many global causes during her distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , she always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to her than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
GENEVA Jonathan championed many global causes during his distinguished life and career , but as a native of Ghana , he always felt a special responsibility to Africa. And there , no issue was more important to him than tackling hunger and spurring growth through agriculture .
Jeffery pledged to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach. As part of his governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .
Emily pledged to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach. As part of her governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .
Yet Darrell may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to his isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
Yet Emily may be overplaying the macho card so excessively that it could backfire and contribute to her isolation from Russias urban and more educated voters. But , even if the tens of thousands of demonstrators are unlikely to threaten the survival of Putins regime , the Kremlin would be wise to take them seriously .
But , as Diane has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Diane , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
But , as Nathaniel has concentrated power in his own hands , he has silenced Gl. Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Nathaniel , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient husband of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient lady of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
There may , however , be more to Erdoans rapprochement with Elizabeth . If she is genuinely seeking to deepen Turkeys relationship with Russia , at the expense of its ties with the EU and the US , as some warn , this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment .
There may , however , be more to Erdoans rapprochement with Derrick . If he is genuinely seeking to deepen Turkeys relationship with Russia , at the expense of its ties with the EU and the US , as some warn , this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient man of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mummy of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Would her sentence be commuted , postponed , or annulled ? Would she go to prison , Muscovites choice notwithstanding ?
Would his sentence be commuted , postponed , or annulled ? Would he go to prison , Muscovites choice notwithstanding ?
When Oliviu asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Oliviu would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Kerigan asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Kerigan would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Harry will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Tammy will be able to convert the impressive crowds she has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long she will remain in fashion .
LONDON Pedro has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Theresa has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Arnold has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Barbara has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
Closing down trade with China , as Pedro would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Deborah would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
He said he did nt really disagree with any of the analysis , but worried that my book would provide ammunition for the barbarians. Protectionists would latch on to the books arguments about the downsides of globalization to provide cover for their narrow , selfish agenda .
She said she did nt really disagree with any of the analysis , but worried that my book would provide ammunition for the barbarians. Protectionists would latch on to the books arguments about the downsides of globalization to provide cover for their narrow , selfish agenda .
One of the lessons of the Edgar debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his involvement in the Iraq War .
One of the lessons of the Annie debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against her from the start because of her involvement in the Iraq War .
Fortunately for Jerome , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Emily , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Bill each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Annie each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Yet , despite all this , Nathaniel manages to avoid implementing economic projects profitable to Russia ( i.e. , a single currency ) . Whenever Russia applies pressure , he immediately starts yelling about Moscows ingratitude proclaiming that 10,000,000 Belarusians protect Russia from NATOs tanks .
Yet , despite all this , Elizabeth manages to avoid implementing economic projects profitable to Russia ( i.e. , a single currency ) . Whenever Russia applies pressure , she immediately starts yelling about Moscows ingratitude proclaiming that 10,000,000 Belarusians protect Russia from NATOs tanks .
( The only exception was the widely disputed 2009 election , in which the conservative Mildred supposedly received more than 25 million votes , giving the world the miracle of her second term. ) In order to increase her share of the vote , Raisi promised to triple the monthly cash subsidies paid by the government to virtually every citizen .
( The only exception was the widely disputed 2009 election , in which the conservative Duane supposedly received more than 25 million votes , giving the world the miracle of his second term. ) In order to increase his share of the vote , Raisi promised to triple the monthly cash subsidies paid by the government to virtually every citizen .
Many assumed that Dorothy would follow the lead of her military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Dorothy surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , her political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Many assumed that Jeff would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Jeff surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Kathy in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Raul in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Marcus diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Susan diverted for her own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Derrick did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Barbara did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Jessica as particularly soft. On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Harry as particularly soft. On the contrary , his possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
The grandfather of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The wife of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
Raul would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Barbara would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Trichet is a tough guy with a long history of standing up to the French politicians. They could nt make him bend when , as Governor , he successfully defended the independence of the Bank of France , and they wo nt make him bend now .
Trichet is a tough guy with a long history of standing up to the French politicians. They could nt make her bend when , as Governor , she successfully defended the independence of the Bank of France , and they wo nt make her bend now .
In deploying soldiers to Afghanistan and Iraq , she was convinced that she was both morally correct and politically right to stand by Britains main historic ally , the United States. ( It is reasonably certain that she would not have trusted Brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition , and also reasonably certain that she was correct to think so . )
In deploying soldiers to Afghanistan and Iraq , he was convinced that he was both morally correct and politically right to stand by Britains main historic ally , the United States. ( It is reasonably certain that he would not have trusted Brown to do any of these things in the face of any serious opposition , and also reasonably certain that he was correct to think so . )
With so many officials and private businessmen eager to curry favor with his father , Margaret had no difficulty cashing in. Her business activities include brokering sales of oil - field equipment to Iraq ( causing huge losses for Chinese state - owned oil companies ) ; construction of hydroelectric power stations in Sichuan ( where her father was the provincial party boss from 1997 to 2002 ) ; providing information technology for 8,000 state - owned gas stations ; and investments in real estate , oil exploration , and toll roads .
With so many officials and private businessmen eager to curry favor with his father , Jonathan had no difficulty cashing in. His business activities include brokering sales of oil - field equipment to Iraq ( causing huge losses for Chinese state - owned oil companies ) ; construction of hydroelectric power stations in Sichuan ( where his father was the provincial party boss from 1997 to 2002 ) ; providing information technology for 8,000 state - owned gas stations ; and investments in real estate , oil exploration , and toll roads .
Yet most of the problems Cambro is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when she ran against Barack Obama. Others she has brought on herself .
Yet most of the problems Toniko is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when she ran against Barack Obama. Others she has brought on herself .
Baroness Frederick , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Martha , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Reginald and his team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Diane and her team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
Earl related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Rebecca related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Theresa is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Marcus is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
When Derek returned to the podium , he apologized and , with his customary dry wit , suggested that the Polish economy was as unsteady on its feet as he was. He was right .
When Theresa returned to the podium , she apologized and , with her customary dry wit , suggested that the Polish economy was as unsteady on its feet as she was. She was right .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick mother whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick daddy whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
It then takes Derek most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
It then takes Melissa most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
It is not the critic who counts , Jeffery said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Jeffery continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Marilyn said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Marilyn continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
And on issues of war and peace , Carolyn will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Carolyn , like her recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
And on issues of war and peace , Arnold will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Arnold , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Darrell each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Emily each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Alfred , this third was the one where I found his the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
One thing is certain : Of my three encounters with Rebecca , this third was the one where I found her the strongest and most passionate , thoroughly imbued with the meaning and pitch of the great American pastoral .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another father , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another aunt , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
Why such low rates are appropriate for the economy and for how long they will continue to be appropriate are deep and unsettled questions ; they call attention to what MITs Olivier Blanchard calls the dark corners of economics , where research has so far shed too little light. What Derrick and his ilk fail to understand is that the reason interest rates are wrong has little to do with the policies put in place by central bankers and everything to do with the situation that policymakers confront .
Why such low rates are appropriate for the economy and for how long they will continue to be appropriate are deep and unsettled questions ; they call attention to what MITs Olivier Blanchard calls the dark corners of economics , where research has so far shed too little light. What Theresa and her ilk fail to understand is that the reason interest rates are wrong has little to do with the policies put in place by central bankers and everything to do with the situation that policymakers confront .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Kathleen , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Jared , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Derrick tried his hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Phyllis tried her hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Norma out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of her Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation. The goal would be to ease Todd out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of his Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .
LONDON Neil has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Barbara has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
Despite Kauko ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of his deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism he has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Despite Jivavijaya ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of his deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism he has retained a devoted following in the US. Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .
Zachary established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Zachary was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Kathleen established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Kathleen was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from her own analysis of Singapore .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a mummy was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a son was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
That gave Teresa massive political power , which she could have put to good use. Instead she put Germanys narrow near - term interests as a creditor first , leading her to make decisions that exacerbated the eurozone crisis , shifted its costs to others , and prevented any long - term resolution .
That gave Alfred massive political power , which he could have put to good use. Instead he put Germanys narrow near - term interests as a creditor first , leading his to make decisions that exacerbated the eurozone crisis , shifted its costs to others , and prevented any long - term resolution .
His nationalist credentials were so impressive that he could afford to be relatively easy on former enemies. Territorial disputes over unimportant islands could be laid to rest .
Her nationalist credentials were so impressive that she could afford to be relatively easy on former enemies. Territorial disputes over unimportant islands could be laid to rest .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Jeffery has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever he has deemed it necessary to preserve his and his partys position .
Since then , while preserving a democratic faade , Rebecca has ruled , for all practical purposes , as an autocrat , showing scant regard for rights of free expression and association and resorting to violent repression whenever she has deemed it necessary to preserve her and her partys position .
Kotsos is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. He wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
Airiz is in favour of Europe ; but not this Europe. He wants to be a part of a political Europe ; but only if the other member states follow Britains model of economic and social reform .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Martha as ungrateful and unpatriotic. She is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled her to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs her most .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Leroy as ungrateful and unpatriotic. He is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled him to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs him most .
The press covering Edgar were furious to learn that twodays earlier he had been diagnosed with pneumonia and had kept it to himself . But American presidential elections are brutal marathons , and its understandable that he did not want to cancel planned events .
The press covering Katherine were furious to learn that twodays earlier she had been diagnosed with pneumonia and had kept it to herself . But American presidential elections are brutal marathons , and its understandable that she did not want to cancel planned events .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Derek spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Margaret spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Annie has projected her vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Putins vision was apparently vindicated by the aftermath of the terrorist attacks on the US. Since then , Pedro has projected his vision of politicized energy in a way that makes all Europeans , not just Russians , nervous .
Jonathan , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
Susan , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Julie to step aside , and her repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Harry to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
His point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition , like Octavio Paz and Isaiah Berlin. For Jonathan ( and for many of his contemporaries ) , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes ( whatever that meant ) .
His point of view was quite different from that of artists and thinkers in the liberal tradition , like Octavio Paz and Isaiah Berlin. For Rebecca ( and for many of her contemporaries ) , intellectuals must not only express political stances , but must also be actively engaged in politics , fighting for the right causes ( whatever that meant ) .
Of course , Teresa could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Edgar could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Jerome each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Teresa each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Jennifer relented. Last week , she inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
But , with the clamor for amnesty reaching a deafening crescendo , Bill relented. Last week , he inaugurated the Presidential Committee on Dialogue and Peaceful Resolution of Security Challenges in the North , a 26-member committee composed mainly of northern leaders tasked with opening a dialogue with Boko Haram and working out the terms of amnesty and compensation for victims of the insurgency .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed lady named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed uncle named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
But now Jennifer wants her back. Whatever else she might be , Jennifer does not come across as a convincing war leader .
But now Jorge wants him back. Whatever else he might be , Jorge does not come across as a convincing war leader .
Now memories of Alfred remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Alfred will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all his friends .
Now memories of Susan remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Susan will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all her friends .
Diane had years to prepare as an understudy to her father , Kim Il - sung , but many reports suggest that she is nearing the end of her life. This autumn , she promoted her hitherto little - seen son , Kim Jong - un , to the rank of general , and introduced her at a Communist Party conference .
Earl had years to prepare as an understudy to his father , Kim Il - sung , but many reports suggest that he is nearing the end of his life. This autumn , he promoted his hitherto little - seen son , Kim Jong - un , to the rank of general , and introduced him at a Communist Party conference .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a brother was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a mom was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Darrell will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Emily will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for she considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Naturally , Melissa offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Pedro offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Emily can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Alfred can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Jeff agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Phyllis agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Erik has only a relatively short time to achieve his goals in Iraq .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Diane has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Jeff and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Melissa and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
Pamela , in her eloquent statement , looked forward to the day when the law would allow a physician to act not only on a prior living will that bars life - prolonging treatment , but also on one that requests a lethal dose when the patient becomes incapacitated to a specified extent. Such a change would remove the anxiety that some patients with progressive dementia have that they will go on too long and miss the opportunity to end their life at all .
Lance , in his eloquent statement , looked forward to the day when the law would allow a physician to act not only on a prior living will that bars life - prolonging treatment , but also on one that requests a lethal dose when the patient becomes incapacitated to a specified extent. Such a change would remove the anxiety that some patients with progressive dementia have that they will go on too long and miss the opportunity to end their life at all .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Elizabeth say that she brooks no argument ; she is the only one setting the limits .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Hugh say that he brooks no argument ; he is the only one setting the limits .
Duane , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Dorothy , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
According to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left. But Julie acted as if her mandate had been unequivocal and put in place one of the most conservative governments France has seen for half a century .
According to all evidence , half of his votes came from the left. But Earl acted as if his mandate had been unequivocal and put in place one of the most conservative governments France has seen for half a century .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Jonathan has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Cynthia has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Diane never entered politics , she would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , she was extraordinary , because her methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Jeffery never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Barbara as particularly soft. On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Frederick as particularly soft. On the contrary , his possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Derrick regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and he has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Rebecca regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and she has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
Over the course of 11 years as Israels prime minister , Arnold has reshaped the countrys collective psyche. He has elevated the isolated , traumatized Jew still at odds with the gentiles , not to mention the Arabs above the secular , liberal , and globalized Israeli envisioned by the countrys founding fathers .
Over the course of 11 years as Israels prime minister , Betty has reshaped the countrys collective psyche. She has elevated the isolated , traumatized Jew still at odds with the gentiles , not to mention the Arabs above the secular , liberal , and globalized Israeli envisioned by the countrys founding fathers .
There Melissa was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
There Arnold was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Neil began. And Neil should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Elizabeth began. And Elizabeth should understand that her legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
In the FA primaries , Carolyn won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing herself farther to the left than her rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
In the FA primaries , Darrell won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Earl , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Kathleen , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that she rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
And , while Raul says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Julie says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
Terrance was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when he developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting , which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management .
Emily was also 10 to 20 years ahead of the profession when she developed the theories of wage efficiency and inflation targeting , which are now considered to be the state of the art concerning the labour market and monetary management .
Jonathan rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Elizabeth rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Marcus in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Cynthia in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
But Nihalani failed to reckon with Udta Punjabs feisty producer , Anurag Kashyap , a luminary of Bollywoods avant - garde. Waabberi launched a Twitter attack on Nihalani , calling him a dictatorial man and an oligarch and not stopping there .
But Nihalani failed to reckon with Udta Punjabs feisty producer , Anurag Kashyap , a luminary of Bollywoods avant - garde. Pars launched a Twitter attack on Nihalani , calling him a dictatorial man and an oligarch and not stopping there .
It is not the critic who counts , Raul said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Raul continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Diane said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Diane continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Emily is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Emily needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Derrick is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with his counterparts , Derrick needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Derrick , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Jessica , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
Undeterred by adversity , Deborah kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity. She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Darrell kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Terrance : He is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Teresa : She is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Leroy can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Deborah can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , she will serve her country well .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Darrell focused on climate change , and clearly stated both his priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
COPENHAGEN In one of his first public policy statements as Americas president - elect , Margaret focused on climate change , and clearly stated both her priorities and the facts on which these priorities rest. Unfortunately , both are weak , or even wrong .
Thus , although European countries remained democratic , the EU institutions , where sovereignty over crucial decisions was transferred , have remained democracy - free. As Bske explained during her last Parliamentary appearance as British Prime Minister , who controls money and interest rates controls the politics of Europe .
Thus , although European countries remained democratic , the EU institutions , where sovereignty over crucial decisions was transferred , have remained democracy - free. As Shontae explained during her last Parliamentary appearance as British Prime Minister , who controls money and interest rates controls the politics of Europe .
Vide other maps evoke his past : Milan , the city of his youth , Zurich , where Dada got its explosive start , and the Romanian city Buzau , where he was born. A map of my own fate would encompass Bukovina as my native land , the Transdnistrian concentration camp of my childhood , the Communist labor camp Periprava where my fathers identity was altered , the Bucharest of my student years and my adulthood , Berlin , my exiles starting point , and finally New York , where my exile found its residence .
Kerigan other maps evoke his past : Milan , the city of his youth , Zurich , where Dada got its explosive start , and the Romanian city Buzau , where he was born. A map of my own fate would encompass Bukovina as my native land , the Transdnistrian concentration camp of my childhood , the Communist labor camp Periprava where my fathers identity was altered , the Bucharest of my student years and my adulthood , Berlin , my exiles starting point , and finally New York , where my exile found its residence .
He could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Jonathan has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
She could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but she is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Jennifer has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Melissa as particularly soft. On the contrary , her possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Yuliya Tymoshenko was clearly the most stouthearted among the leaders of Ukraines Orange Revolution , and no one has ever described Neil as particularly soft. On the contrary , his possible Republican opponent in 2009 , Senator John McCain , while a war hero , is also a man who represents to many Americans the new soft values .
Lenci is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Jivavijaya is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Pamela , like her predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Harry , like his predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Susan is fundamentally different from the typical academic economist , who tends to concentrate on advancing economic theory and statistics. She concentrates on legislation that is , practical things that might be accomplished to lift the economy .
Jonathan is fundamentally different from the typical academic economist , who tends to concentrate on advancing economic theory and statistics. He concentrates on legislation that is , practical things that might be accomplished to lift the economy .
Cheryl has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Arnold has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to his legacy and even greater cost to Turkey he spurned it both times .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Theresa is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in her militia .
Of course , attacking Moqtada al - Sadrs Mahdi Army in the name of fighting militia death squads has the potential to draw American military forces into a level of urban warfare unseen since the Falluja assaults of 2004 and 2005. Jonathan is seen as the protector of the Shia of Iraq and has are an estimated 60,000 fighters in his militia .
We learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics , and voice - recognition software uses a theory - less learning algorithm called a hidden Markov chain on a set of audios and their texts , rather than by using linguistics , as Harry tells us in his book How to Create a Mind. To the chagrin of many of us academics , theory is often dispensable .
We learn to recognize the spoken language without knowledge of linguistics , and voice - recognition software uses a theory - less learning algorithm called a hidden Markov chain on a set of audios and their texts , rather than by using linguistics , as Annie tells us in her book How to Create a Mind. To the chagrin of many of us academics , theory is often dispensable .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Raul was finally sworn in , though he had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Diane was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
Even if Emily wins , she may well be a radically weakened president. The Bush administration has created a transnational apparatus of lawlessness that she alone , without global intervention , can neither roll back nor control .
Even if Earl wins , he may well be a radically weakened president. The Bush administration has created a transnational apparatus of lawlessness that he alone , without global intervention , can neither roll back nor control .
When Theresa asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Theresa would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Leroy asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Leroy would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
So the day is fast approaching when Deborah and her clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
So the day is fast approaching when Leroy and his clan will have to take responsibility for the countrys dire condition , and it may come soon after Kim Kyong - hui dies. If so , the Kim dynastys last chapter may have begun with the current spasm of executions , though the ending for the Korean Peninsula and East Asia alike remains very much in doubt .
The most important change my father made was in his mindset : he came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. He turned to the University of Nebraska , where he had received his undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
The most important change my lady made was in her mindset : she came to think of the farm not as a subsistence operation , but as a family business. She turned to the University of Nebraska , where she had received her undergraduate degree , and acquired hybrid corn and other improved seeds that the university was developing .
Theresa and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Bill and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Three years later , my brother went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship. His assassination upon his arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what he had proclaimed throughout his life .
Three years later , my sister went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship. Her assassination upon her arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what she had proclaimed throughout her life .
Indeed , Dorothy and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to her . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Indeed , Zachary and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
She was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Betty had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
He was a 27-year - old junior officer accompanying Geng Biao , then a vice premier and Chinas leading military official. Frederick had been my host the previous January , when I was the first US defense secretary to visit China , acting as an interlocutor for President Jimmy Carters administration .
Jerome , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Deborah , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
And , while Arnold says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Cheryl says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
Lance was defeated in his re - election bid by a candidate whose backing from an alliance of Murdoch and coal companies enabled him to outspend Lance by a huge margin. Murdochs tabloids pump out anti - scientific propaganda opposing climate - change policies not only in Australia , but also in the US and elsewhere .
Melissa was defeated in her re - election bid by a candidate whose backing from an alliance of Murdoch and coal companies enabled her to outspend Melissa by a huge margin. Murdochs tabloids pump out anti - scientific propaganda opposing climate - change policies not only in Australia , but also in the US and elsewhere .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Zachary kissing babies ; what he faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Diane kissing babies ; what she faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Derrick presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through his hands .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Diane presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through her hands .
Navalny argued that people should stay home to deprive Emily of her desired 70 % turnout. But with Navalny himself barred from running , owing to trumped - up criminal charges , even traditional opposition strongholds like Moscow and St. Petersburg went to Emily .
Navalny argued that people should stay home to deprive Jorge of his desired 70 % turnout. But with Navalny himself barred from running , owing to trumped - up criminal charges , even traditional opposition strongholds like Moscow and St. Petersburg went to Jorge .
For example , she is calling for a small tax targeting certain kinds of high - frequency trading prone to abuse. Norma also aims to close the carried interest loophole that currently allows hedge - fund managers to pay lower tax rates on their incomes than almost everyone else , and she proposes imposing a risk fee on big financial institutions that would rise as they grow .
For example , he is calling for a small tax targeting certain kinds of high - frequency trading prone to abuse. Duane also aims to close the carried interest loophole that currently allows hedge - fund managers to pay lower tax rates on their incomes than almost everyone else , and he proposes imposing a risk fee on big financial institutions that would rise as they grow .
I worked for and often with Terrance for all four years of his presidency. I was the National Security Council member responsible for overseeing the development and execution of policy toward the Middle East , the Persian Gulf , and Afghanistan , India , and Pakistan .
I worked for and often with Deborah for all four years of her presidency. I was the National Security Council member responsible for overseeing the development and execution of policy toward the Middle East , the Persian Gulf , and Afghanistan , India , and Pakistan .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Norma does. What Norma is really after ( though she ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Jeffery does. What Jeffery is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Leroy felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Katherine felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Jonathan as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Kathy as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
True , Alfred has concentrated in his own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
True , Emily has concentrated in her own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think she is a great leader , crediting her with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Jerome and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Jerome could nt get the message out straight .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Julie and her colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread her . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Julie could nt get the message out straight .
If Barbara consolidates her hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
If Hugh consolidates his hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that he has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Arnold often uses vivid examples to make his points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Elizabeth often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Jessica , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Jessica was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Hugh , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Hugh was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Jonathan as ungrateful and unpatriotic. He is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled him to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs him most .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Martha as ungrateful and unpatriotic. She is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled her to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs her most .
This is an admittedly broad - brush portrayal of the program that got Macron elected , but it is nonetheless to the point. What else could he possibly mean when he calls for a newly created eurozone finance ministry that can accrue jointly guaranteed debt and collect its own taxes .
This is an admittedly broad - brush portrayal of the program that got Macron elected , but it is nonetheless to the point. What else could she possibly mean when she calls for a newly created eurozone finance ministry that can accrue jointly guaranteed debt and collect its own taxes .
Darrell and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Phyllis and her Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Nathaniel and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Nathaniel could nt get the message out straight .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Betty and her colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread her . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Betty could nt get the message out straight .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient boy of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandmother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Ibiacema is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Ibiacema needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Narkis is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Narkis needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
If you trusted the founder of Singapore and thought him legitimate , who better to trust than the founders own son ? Indeed , the brother would remain on the scene , first as Senior Minister and then in his mentor role , and had made his son prove his abilities openly in a series of prominent positions .
If you trusted the founder of Singapore and thought her legitimate , who better to trust than the founders own son ? Indeed , the mother would remain on the scene , first as Senior Minister and then in her mentor role , and had made her son prove her abilities openly in a series of prominent positions .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Jessica was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. She managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Terrance was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
Naturally , Leroy offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Melissa offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
So Jivavijaya should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
So Eldridge should nt be lashing out against speculative capitalism. On the contrary , he should be asking how capitalism can be developed even further , with new institutions in finance and insurance to deal with the very important problem that his campaign has highlighted .
Despite working with Albercik on several films , he claims that no one ever brought allegations of abuse to his attention. And they would nt , because you are not interested in it , Allen told the BBC .
Despite working with Verners on several films , he claims that no one ever brought allegations of abuse to his attention. And they would nt , because you are not interested in it , Allen told the BBC .
Fortunately for Dorothy , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously. She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Fortunately for Edgar , his relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost his much support among those who voted for his previously. He and his party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a grandfather was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a wife was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Around the time when Indias prohibition of sodomy was enacted , Jorge was writing his celebrated essay On Liberty , in which he put forward the following principle :
Around the time when Indias prohibition of sodomy was enacted , Annie was writing her celebrated essay On Liberty , in which she put forward the following principle :
At other times , like Phyllis , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Nathaniel , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
Moreover , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Pedro is one of his only allies within the EU. In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against him on issues relating to eurozone reform .
Moreover , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Teresa is one of her only allies within the EU. In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against her on issues relating to eurozone reform .
Hugh , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during his days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
Dorothy , in particular , is at home in the German language , having spent many years in East Germany during her days as a KGB agent. Moreover , unlike Pope John Paul II , who , as a Pole , always saw communist Russia as an oppressor , Benedict carries the German sense of guilt stemming from the countrys Nazi past and its brutal invasion of Russia .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In her recent book Monsoon , Tammy notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In his recent book Monsoon , Hugh notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Barbara , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Duane , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Theresa would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Bill would fulminate against his every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed mom named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed brother named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Pars spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Tsahi spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
For Tammy and her successors over the first 175 years , any episode of sustained economic growth overwhelmingly required investment capital. We economists were by and large capital boosters , and our magic formula for economic development was saving , investment , thrift , and wealth accumulation .
For Earl and his successors over the first 175 years , any episode of sustained economic growth overwhelmingly required investment capital. We economists were by and large capital boosters , and our magic formula for economic development was saving , investment , thrift , and wealth accumulation .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Bill most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Jessica most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
As a candidate , Derek was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Teresa was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that she stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
( The only exception was the widely disputed 2009 election , in which the conservative Kathleen supposedly received more than 25 million votes , giving the world the miracle of her second term. ) In order to increase her share of the vote , Raisi promised to triple the monthly cash subsidies paid by the government to virtually every citizen .
( The only exception was the widely disputed 2009 election , in which the conservative Pedro supposedly received more than 25 million votes , giving the world the miracle of his second term. ) In order to increase his share of the vote , Raisi promised to triple the monthly cash subsidies paid by the government to virtually every citizen .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Cynthia can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , she will serve her country well .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Arnold can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Susan disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration. Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Terrance disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Rebecca victory ) will thus seek to frustrate her administration , lest she be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Jeff victory ) will thus seek to frustrate his administration , lest he be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Harry , he is driving himself and his country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Betty , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Norma and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Norma says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ she kisses her gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Nathaniel and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Nathaniel says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ he kisses his gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Exasperated by Cynthia backtracking from her own plan for political union , Macron recently vented her frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , she complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
Exasperated by Hugh backtracking from his own plan for political union , Macron recently vented his frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , he complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Mildred did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Jeff did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Earl following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Carolyn following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Terrance did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Betty did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
What is strange , he answered , with a burst of laughter and his head thrown back , is this new state of suspended insurrection , for which the improbably elected president bears responsibility. One might think that , owing to this insurgency from within , Trump could serve an even shorter term than that of the protagonist in The Plot Against America .
What is strange , she answered , with a burst of laughter and her head thrown back , is this new state of suspended insurrection , for which the improbably elected president bears responsibility. One might think that , owing to this insurgency from within , Trump could serve an even shorter term than that of the protagonist in The Plot Against America .
Jorge was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , he crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Pamela was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Jonathan said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Phyllis said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Leroy senses the urgency of the situation. He is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
Elizabeth senses the urgency of the situation. She is , after all , 67 years old and likely to serve only a single term in office .
The issue , therefore , is not what Kajinek , in his inaugural speech to the European Parliament , called a crisis of leadership. No statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
The issue , therefore , is not what Theoden , in his inaugural speech to the European Parliament , called a crisis of leadership. No statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper .
BRUSSELS It is time for Leroy to start selling himself . His chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case he makes .
BRUSSELS It is time for Emily to start selling herself . Her chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case she makes .
On the contrary , many capitals south of the Rio Grande had high expectations for the team that moved into the White House in 2001. After all , during his first nine months in office , Frederick declared that he would devote tremendous attention to the hemisphere , and his actions seemed to back up his rhetoric .
On the contrary , many capitals south of the Rio Grande had high expectations for the team that moved into the White House in 2001. After all , during her first nine months in office , Cheryl declared that she would devote tremendous attention to the hemisphere , and her actions seemed to back up her rhetoric .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Jeffery asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Theresa asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
She was well - read on these countries history and had a knack for understanding how it shaped their attitudes toward Germany. She was convinced that , as Europes largest economy , Germany had to be the most constructive , if not the most generous , member of the European club .
He was well - read on these countries history and had a knack for understanding how it shaped their attitudes toward Germany. He was convinced that , as Europes largest economy , Germany had to be the most constructive , if not the most generous , member of the European club .
Similarly , while Marcus won in Peru , he does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . His APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
Similarly , while Martha won in Peru , she does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . Her APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed grandmother named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed boy named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
This threat evidently motivated Erik to speak out in November : It is no secret , Erik wrote in his blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
This threat evidently motivated Jessica to speak out in November : It is no secret , Jessica wrote in her blog , that , as of a certain period , symptoms of stagnation have begun to appear in our political life , and the threat of turning stability into a factor of stagnation has appeared .
Do an image search for Terrance and you will see many paintings with vertical color bars , usually divided by a thin line. Once Terrance had an idea , it seems , he liked to work out all of the variations .
Do an image search for Jessica and you will see many paintings with vertical color bars , usually divided by a thin line. Once Jessica had an idea , it seems , she liked to work out all of the variations .
Within weeks , however , Raul fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Elizabeth fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Jerome and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Jerome says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ he kisses his gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Katherine and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Katherine says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ she kisses her gun ] is straight out of Doom !
In fact , Jared does not even control the militias of his own party , Fatah , which have been even more active than Hamas in staging terrorist attacks against Israel. The Palestinian Authoritys rule over the West Bank would have collapsed long ago if it were not for the Israelis daily incursions against Hamas and Fatah in areas under Jared control .
In fact , Tammy does not even control the militias of her own party , Fatah , which have been even more active than Hamas in staging terrorist attacks against Israel. The Palestinian Authoritys rule over the West Bank would have collapsed long ago if it were not for the Israelis daily incursions against Hamas and Fatah in areas under Tammy control .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Betty ( or Dwight Eisenhower before her ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Thatcher certainly did not. The lesson is that in some circumstances , we should prefer leadership by good transactional managers like Derrick ( or Dwight Eisenhower before him ) , rather than by more flashy and inspirational transformers .
Jeffery , at least when he began his campaign , had all the charisma of the holy roller , turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist. That is why he barged his way past Hillary Clinton , the consummate operator of the party machine .
Diane , at least when she began her campaign , had all the charisma of the holy roller , turning on the crowds with the rhetorical spark of a great evangelist. That is why she barged her way past Hillary Clinton , the consummate operator of the party machine .
He pursued cautious and technocratic policies that he hoped would attract Republican support. And when his own supporters objected , he reminded them that national unity and mutual respect , not narrow partisanship , would eventually bend the moral arc of the universe toward justice .
She pursued cautious and technocratic policies that she hoped would attract Republican support. And when her own supporters objected , she reminded them that national unity and mutual respect , not narrow partisanship , would eventually bend the moral arc of the universe toward justice .
Similarly , while Marilyn won in Peru , she does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . Her APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
Similarly , while Frederick won in Peru , he does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . His APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
As the saying goes , sunlight is the best disinfectant. Jeffery , for his part , favors a single global registry a publicly accessible database detailing the ownership of financial instruments .
As the saying goes , sunlight is the best disinfectant. Tammy , for her part , favors a single global registry a publicly accessible database detailing the ownership of financial instruments .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Jennifer uses that framework and thus what imprint she leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Terrance uses that framework and thus what imprint he leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
Though she pulled the US out of the Trans - Pacific Partnership early in her term , the remaining 11 partners are moving to sustain most of the agreement. Why not get back in front of the parade and demonstrate a capacity for leadership in changing times ?
Though he pulled the US out of the Trans - Pacific Partnership early in his term , the remaining 11 partners are moving to sustain most of the agreement. Why not get back in front of the parade and demonstrate a capacity for leadership in changing times ?
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Dorothy as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West her approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Erik as a champion of Great Russia. After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West his approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .
NEW YORK If Annie were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Pedro were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
Thus , Derek has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Thus , Melissa has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors. She is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one she led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a wife was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a boy was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Trumps enthusiasm for Mildred is the most consistent part of her rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Mildred burns bright .
Trumps enthusiasm for Terrance is the most consistent part of his rhetoric. Despite a worldview that regards the United States as a victim of foreign powers China , Mexico , Iran , the European Union Trumps ardor for Terrance burns bright .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Susan might keep her promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Jeff might keep his promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Pedro really mean it , and does he genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Barbara really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Barbara opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Erik opposition , he reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
Since he is an agnostic , his gift is not motivated by any belief that it will benefit him in an afterlife. What , then , does Buffetts life tell us about the nature of happiness ?
Since she is an agnostic , her gift is not motivated by any belief that it will benefit her in an afterlife. What , then , does Buffetts life tell us about the nature of happiness ?
MANILA In 1980 , my sister arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
MANILA In 1980 , my daddy arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered him a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Frederick opposition , he reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Tammy opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Derek was effectively anointed his countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Derek alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Teresa was effectively anointed her countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Teresa alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
New York The selection of Pedro as John McCains running mate hit the United States like an electric storm. To his legions of lipstick - waving fans on the right , Pedro is a down - to - earth , God - fearing hockey mom whose moose hunting , evangelical faith , and even chaotic family life are all evidence that he is a real , typical American .
New York The selection of Theresa as John McCains running mate hit the United States like an electric storm. To her legions of lipstick - waving fans on the right , Theresa is a down - to - earth , God - fearing hockey mom whose moose hunting , evangelical faith , and even chaotic family life are all evidence that she is a real , typical American .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Jorge now says that everything has turned out just as he predicted .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Cynthia now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Erik disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Barbara disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration. Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
If Pedro consolidates his hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that he has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
If Julie consolidates her hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Emily declared her desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew her .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Bill declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Marcus can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Cynthia can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , she will serve her country well .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Neil on his head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
At the same time , China seems so drugged on business nowadays that it is hard to imagine many people marching for a cause that would do nothing for their bottom line. Its almost as if the Communist Party had turned Teresa on her head , replacing religion with profit as the new opium of the masses .
Jivavijaya is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Airiz is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
The firm cut a deal with Kathleen , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Kathleen had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Terrance , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Terrance had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like his contemporary , Schumpeter , Raul regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like her contemporary , Schumpeter , Tammy regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
Initially , Todd seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Susan seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Closing down trade with China , as Kathy would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Erik would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
But Jared , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Katherine , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Cheryl rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Cheryl said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Jeffery rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with him [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Jeffery said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Dorothy pulled off that business strategy when she persuaded her friends to pay her for the privilege of taking over her hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
Marcus pulled off that business strategy when he persuaded his friends to pay him for the privilege of taking over his hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Kauko did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Albercik did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But , brilliant as Neil is , he has been prone to making odd mistakes. With a seemingly out - of - control John McCain taking over as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , the situation is likely to become even more complicated .
But , brilliant as Tammy is , she has been prone to making odd mistakes. With a seemingly out - of - control John McCain taking over as Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , the situation is likely to become even more complicated .
It is not the critic who counts , Frederick said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Frederick continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Annie said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Annie continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Arnold disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Martha disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration. Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Harry , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Harry understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Emily , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Emily understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Norma will therefore have to be careful about over - generalizing from her past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over - diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over - prepare to fight the last war .
Frederick will therefore have to be careful about over - generalizing from his past research , just as medical specialists must be careful not to over - diagnose diseases in their own specialty and military strategists must be careful not to over - prepare to fight the last war .
And , to become prime minister , Susan needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Susan to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated .
And , to become prime minister , Jerome needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Jerome to better institute the reforms he has so ardently advocated .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Jorge once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Elizabeth once considered Erdoan among her favorite world leaders .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their aunt , their influence in her administration should not be in doubt .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their daddy , their influence in his administration should not be in doubt .
The generals have always placed the institution of the military above all else , including rulers from their own ranks. If they come to believe that Harrit is sinking , they can be counted on to cut him loose , especially if he becomes a civilian .
The generals have always placed the institution of the military above all else , including rulers from their own ranks. If they come to believe that Verners is sinking , they can be counted on to cut him loose , especially if he becomes a civilian .
NEW YORK If Reginald were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Annie were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
For a president bent on implementing reforms , less can be more less aggressiveness and less ego. But can a mummy act against her deepest nature ?
For a president bent on implementing reforms , less can be more less aggressiveness and less ego. But can a brother act against his deepest nature ?
At other times , like Nathaniel , he believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what he calls his dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
At other times , like Susan , she believes that Russias power requires a strong hand what she calls her dictatorship of law. The problem , as Khodorkovskys conviction demonstrated , is that dictatorship usually seems to be trumping law .
Second , even if Annie hands the nuclear portfolio to Rowhani ( which is not certain , given that she retained it under Ahmadinejad ) , the new president must come to terms with the IRGC , whose support at least tacit is necessary for any nuclear deal. To date , Irans nuclear program and regional policies have been run by the IRGC and the countrys hard - liners .
Second , even if Raul hands the nuclear portfolio to Rowhani ( which is not certain , given that he retained it under Ahmadinejad ) , the new president must come to terms with the IRGC , whose support at least tacit is necessary for any nuclear deal. To date , Irans nuclear program and regional policies have been run by the IRGC and the countrys hard - liners .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the daughter on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the gentleman on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their uncle , their influence in his administration should not be in doubt .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their grandmother , their influence in her administration should not be in doubt .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick mom whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick gentleman whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Zachary must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Barbara must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .
Rebecca , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Hugh , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Instead , her address was a thoughtful review of the key issues involved in promoting happiness as a national policy. She then stayed at the conference for the entire two and a half days , and made pertinent contributions to our discussions .
Instead , his address was a thoughtful review of the key issues involved in promoting happiness as a national policy. He then stayed at the conference for the entire two and a half days , and made pertinent contributions to our discussions .
In fact , Phyllis does not even control the militias of her own party , Fatah , which have been even more active than Hamas in staging terrorist attacks against Israel. The Palestinian Authoritys rule over the West Bank would have collapsed long ago if it were not for the Israelis daily incursions against Hamas and Fatah in areas under Phyllis control .
In fact , Erik does not even control the militias of his own party , Fatah , which have been even more active than Hamas in staging terrorist attacks against Israel. The Palestinian Authoritys rule over the West Bank would have collapsed long ago if it were not for the Israelis daily incursions against Hamas and Fatah in areas under Erik control .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Reginald eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Tammy eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Second , Lance can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
Second , Elizabeth can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for her boots .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Cheryl . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Nathaniel . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Raul thinks that his stunts are essential to governance. He has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Diane thinks that her stunts are essential to governance. She has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
This was the same Jonathan who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Cynthia who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Elizabeth achieved and how much she conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Jorge achieved and how much he conceded .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Arnold wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Julie wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue her wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
Cynthia , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Lance , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Though well connected to the military and security community , Jorge was clearly considered an outsider. Indeed , he was not a political figure until now , serving in the military during the Islamic Republics first decade and spending the last two mostly in the Supreme National Security Council .
Though well connected to the military and security community , Julie was clearly considered an outsider. Indeed , she was not a political figure until now , serving in the military during the Islamic Republics first decade and spending the last two mostly in the Supreme National Security Council .
In the 1860s , Annie assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. She repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
In the 1860s , Arnold assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. He repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
Raul has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to his legacy and even greater cost to Turkey he spurned it both times .
Kathleen has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed uncle named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed sister named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
To gain control of the rump Likud , Marcus had to move sharply to the right. In the longer term , Marcus may again rise to the top in a post - Sharon era , if he is able to regain the center .
To gain control of the rump Likud , Diane had to move sharply to the right. In the longer term , Diane may again rise to the top in a post - Sharon era , if she is able to regain the center .
The claim is to exclusive representation. Remember Budivid boast in his address to the Republican National Convention : I alone can fix it .
The claim is to exclusive representation. Remember Airiz boast in his address to the Republican National Convention : I alone can fix it .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like her contemporary , Schumpeter , Kathy regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like his contemporary , Schumpeter , Reginald regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Lance will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Katherine will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as she did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Pamela disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration. Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Terrance disapproval rating has exceeded his approval rating since the earliest days of his administration. His current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .
Few Americans thought Lenci had been a good president immediately after he left office , but now he is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of his successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
Few Americans thought Theoden had been a good president immediately after he left office , but now he is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of his successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
Second , Rebecca can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for her boots .
Second , Jared can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Harrit , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Vide , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Lenci in his 1989 book A Forest Journey .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Vide in his 1989 book A Forest Journey .
It is not the critic who counts , Margaret said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Margaret continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
It is not the critic who counts , Derrick said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which he delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910. The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Derrick continued , who spends himself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if he fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Melissa made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to shut up when they disagreed with her over Iraq .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Jerome made it perfectly clear how he feels about the new smaller countries when he told them to shut up when they disagreed with him over Iraq .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Julie spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Raul spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
Kathleen doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Edgar doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Deborah declared her desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew her .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Jeff declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Reginald and his colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Betty and her colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
Leroy can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Kathy can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
BRUSSELS It is time for Emily to start selling herself . Her chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case she makes .
BRUSSELS It is time for Hugh to start selling himself . His chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case he makes .
All of which brings us back to Jivavijaya . He chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Kauko . He chose the people .
Leroy is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Melissa is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like her contemporary , Schumpeter , Cynthia regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like his contemporary , Schumpeter , Reginald regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
All the same , I applaud Pamela for her commitment to appointing a woman to this important position. In a country full of contradictory attitudes toward women ranging from the worship of the powerful goddess Durga to the killing of innocent young brides such gestures can be very powerful .
All the same , I applaud Earl for his commitment to appointing a woman to this important position. In a country full of contradictory attitudes toward women ranging from the worship of the powerful goddess Durga to the killing of innocent young brides such gestures can be very powerful .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Keyghobad and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services. This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Waabberi and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .
More consequentially , in Brussels and Helsinki , Katherine politics were apparent in her behavior toward Americas traditional allies and foes. Schmitt advocates a global order that universalizes the Monroe doctrine : great nations stake out inviolable zones of geographic influence , or Grossraum , from which they afford each other mutual respect .
More consequentially , in Brussels and Helsinki , Jonathan politics were apparent in his behavior toward Americas traditional allies and foes. Schmitt advocates a global order that universalizes the Monroe doctrine : great nations stake out inviolable zones of geographic influence , or Grossraum , from which they afford each other mutual respect .
There may , however , be more to Erdoans rapprochement with Bill . If he is genuinely seeking to deepen Turkeys relationship with Russia , at the expense of its ties with the EU and the US , as some warn , this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment .
There may , however , be more to Erdoans rapprochement with Rebecca . If she is genuinely seeking to deepen Turkeys relationship with Russia , at the expense of its ties with the EU and the US , as some warn , this would amount to a fundamental geopolitical realignment .
Few Americans thought Betty had been a good president immediately after she left office , but now she is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of her successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
Few Americans thought Reginald had been a good president immediately after he left office , but now he is rated very high. In Mexico , Carlos Salinas looked good at the time , but is now viewed poorly , while the accomplishments of his successor , Ernesto Zedillo , now appear bold , historic , innovative , and valuable .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people. We can also accept that Airiz is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
We can grant that it was not the primary intention of those who planned and authorized the attack on Damadola to kill innocent people. We can also accept that Kotsos is undoubtedly a dangerous foe , still active in a terrorist movement , and that he is a legitimate military target .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Kathleen said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. Her words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Lance said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Teresa obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Nathaniel obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a mom was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed her and took her in .
Old jokes from the pre-1990 days have returned , like this one : a daddy was walking down a Kathmandu street , shouting , Down with dictatorship in Pakistan. A policeman grabbed him and took him in .
Jeff often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Jeff , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Elizabeth often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and she has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Elizabeth , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Elizabeth , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Jorge , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Derrick would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Tammy would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Jerome , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Rebecca , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed dad named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed woman named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
Jorge was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Emily was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Darrell can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to his claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Jennifer can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to her claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
Julie would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Nathaniel would fulminate against his every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Similarly , while Phyllis won in Peru , she does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . Her APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
Similarly , while Harry won in Peru , he does not come from a hard - left party that has finally seen the light ( like Lula da Silva in Brazil , Michelle Bachelet in Chile , and Tabar Vzquez in Uruguay ) . His APRA party , founded by Victor Ral Haya de la Torre in the 1920s , is one of the regions oldest and most anachronistic populist organizations .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Norma will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for she considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Neil will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern. They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Marcus wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Emily wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
MANILA In 1980 , my mummy arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
MANILA In 1980 , my father arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of his imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos. The dictatorship offered him a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .
Erik would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield him from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Pamela would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Terrance , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Terrance a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Deborah , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Deborah a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Exasperated by Cynthia backtracking from her own plan for political union , Macron recently vented her frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , she complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
Exasperated by Pedro backtracking from his own plan for political union , Macron recently vented his frustration : The Calvinists want to make others pay until the end of their life , he complained. They want reforms with no contributions toward any solidarity .
Elizabeth was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Alfred was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
She went on , paradoxically , to be honored , celebrated , adored all over Europe , while living as a sort of stowaway in an era that she would never fully embrace an enigma to her contemporaries , always slightly withdrawn , yet as transparent in her own eyes as it is humanly possible to be. She knew her vocation , the direction of her destiny , and the force of her desire ( from which she never wavered ) to break with what she described , during a demonstration in Paris in support of the victims of the 1980 synagogue bombing on Rue Copernic , Jewish disintegration .
He went on , paradoxically , to be honored , celebrated , adored all over Europe , while living as a sort of stowaway in an era that he would never fully embrace an enigma to his contemporaries , always slightly withdrawn , yet as transparent in his own eyes as it is humanly possible to be. He knew his vocation , the direction of his destiny , and the force of his desire ( from which he never wavered ) to break with what he described , during a demonstration in Paris in support of the victims of the 1980 synagogue bombing on Rue Copernic , Jewish disintegration .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Melissa has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Terrance has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
If Earl consolidates his hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that he has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
If Phyllis consolidates her hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Derek obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Susan obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
He is surrounded by academics. Somehow , all this talk about efficient markets has not discouraged him from trying , and succeeding .
She is surrounded by academics. Somehow , all this talk about efficient markets has not discouraged her from trying , and succeeding .
Tammy has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Erik has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to his legacy and even greater cost to Turkey he spurned it both times .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Mildred most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments. Alfred most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Jeff , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Marilyn , she will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Keyghobad reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
For example , anti - arrhythmic drugs were prescribed widely with the United States Food and Drug Administrations approval to heart - attack victims for more than a decade , under the assumption that reducing heart - rhythm abnormalities would decrease mortality rates. But , as the investigative journalist Kauko reported in his book Deadly Medicine , at the peak of their use , these drugs were killing more Americans each year than were killed during the entire Vietnam War .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Odisseu each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Harrit each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their man , their influence in his administration should not be in doubt .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their grandmother , their influence in her administration should not be in doubt .
When Dorothy was deposed , she fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of her extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold her accountable .
When Alfred was deposed , he fled to Senegal with a substantial portion of the national treasury , living there in comfort with much of his extended family , as well as key supporters. For many years , African human - rights activists , aided by Human Rights Watch , struggled to hold him accountable .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Arnold will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Susan will be able to convert the impressive crowds she has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long she will remain in fashion .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Edgar as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Teresa as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Jared each challenged the pieties of his era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Rebecca each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Melissa on this trip. She sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Derek on this trip. He sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Darrell has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Teresa has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Marcus has only a relatively short time to achieve his goals in Iraq .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Jessica has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
As a result , Ukraine barely survives , while Reginald has the first - mover advantage. He can choose between hybrid war and hybrid peace , and Ukraine and its allies are struggling to respond .
As a result , Ukraine barely survives , while Betty has the first - mover advantage. She can choose between hybrid war and hybrid peace , and Ukraine and its allies are struggling to respond .
She has yet to deal with the major problems of the day financial instability , Europes sluggish growth , the Middle East and she can not avoid them during her campaign. But , full of elegance and charm , and treating social problems with good sense and energy , she has topped public opinion polls for over a year .
He has yet to deal with the major problems of the day financial instability , Europes sluggish growth , the Middle East and he can not avoid them during his campaign. But , full of elegance and charm , and treating social problems with good sense and energy , he has topped public opinion polls for over a year .
I repeated the conversation to Singh , who explained that in a democracy such as India , a great deal of work needs to be done with the members of the coalition and the senior bureaucracy before the prime minister can travel to Pakistan. Marilyn is a military leader ; she needs only to pack her bags and head this way .
I repeated the conversation to Singh , who explained that in a democracy such as India , a great deal of work needs to be done with the members of the coalition and the senior bureaucracy before the prime minister can travel to Pakistan. Jeff is a military leader ; he needs only to pack his bags and head this way .
This was the same Derrick who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Kathy who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Nor is it clear what Kathleen really means by saying that she recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations. If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Kathleen might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .
Nor is it clear what Pedro really means by saying that he recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations. If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Pedro might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see. Jonathan managed to defeat his more conventional Republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them : a maverick who says what he damned well wants , a tough guy with the knowing wink of the old ladies man .
Although none of the aspiring candidates for the US presidency can match him in terms of zaniness , similar trends are plain to see. Kathy managed to defeat her more conventional Republican rivals by seeming to be totally different from them : a maverick who says what she damned well wants , a tough guy with the knowing wink of the old ladies man .
Phyllis can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Leroy can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Harry , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Harry understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Julie , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Julie understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Pars tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Kauko tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Julie , but subsequently fell out with her .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Arnold , but subsequently fell out with him .
One of the mans goals in immolating himself , according to the letter , was to force the chairman of PiS and the entire PiS nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility , and that they have my blood on their hands. The uncle hoped that his act of protest would influence PiS supporters 47 % of the population , according to the latest polls who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law .
One of the mans goals in immolating himself , according to the letter , was to force the chairman of PiS and the entire PiS nomenklatura to recognize that my death is their direct responsibility , and that they have my blood on their hands. The sister hoped that her act of protest would influence PiS supporters 47 % of the population , according to the latest polls who should not want their favored policies to be enacted in ways that undermine democracy and the rule of law .
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Diane can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to her claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Earl can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to his claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Melissa supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Jared supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Hugh poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Cheryl poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Julie tried her hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
To be sure , long - run forecasting is usually a fools errand. In 1930 , in similarly troubled times , none other than Frederick tried his hand at it , with the famous essay Economic Possibilities for our Grandchildren .
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Norma long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from her one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Norma .
So the Glenists had a motive , and the timing of the attempt supports their involvement. It is a supreme irony that the coup Earl long feared from the secularists may have eventually come from his one - time allies who themselves were responsible for fabricating myriad coup plots against Earl .
As a result , Ukraine barely survives , while Reginald has the first - mover advantage. He can choose between hybrid war and hybrid peace , and Ukraine and its allies are struggling to respond .
As a result , Ukraine barely survives , while Jennifer has the first - mover advantage. She can choose between hybrid war and hybrid peace , and Ukraine and its allies are struggling to respond .
But Bill has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , he has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
But Kathleen has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , she has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Deborah decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Neil decision has effectively ended his ties to his two most important allies , thereby not only weakening his position , but also increasing his readiness to embrace political moderation .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient man of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient lady of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Bill is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Jessica is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Indeed , Jeff was fearless , and sought not his personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that he introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
Indeed , Diane was fearless , and sought not her personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that she introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Jerome asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Dorothy asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
Naturally , Duane offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Teresa offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Perhaps surprisingly , Jeffery seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Perhaps surprisingly , Theresa seems not to have wondered why she is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from her compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Kathleen victory ) will thus seek to frustrate her administration , lest she be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
A country favoring change , they will conclude , is unlikely to keep a Democrat in the Oval Office for a fourth term. Many Republicans ( especially those who deny the legitimacy of a Terrance victory ) will thus seek to frustrate his administration , lest he be able to run again in 2020 as a successful incumbent .
There was a simple reason why Susan was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : she delivered. She and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
There was a simple reason why Todd was the Western medias blue - eyed boy : he delivered. He and the Pakistani army delivered many of the Al Qaeda members most wanted by the US Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , Egyptians , Yemenis , Saudis , and so on .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Theresa , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , she said about the world , is to change it .
From now on , the force of ideas , not the force of arms , will win the day. For once , Raul , the mischievous cause of so much of Ukraines misery , got something right : the point , he said about the world , is to change it .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Pamela will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as she did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Duane will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
It then takes Neil most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
It then takes Rebecca most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
Terrance and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Martha and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Humbug ! said Theoden . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Theoden was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Verners . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Verners was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Rebecca : each in her own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Kirly , Kolakowski , and Zachary : each in his own way is a symbol of todays new and uniting Europe , a Europe of rapprochement and forgiveness among erstwhile opponents .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Rebecca made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Nathaniel made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
That is a view that Americans should take to heart. If Bill succeeds in enacting immigration reform in his second term , he will have gone a long way toward fulfilling his promise to maintain the strength of the US .
That is a view that Americans should take to heart. If Martha succeeds in enacting immigration reform in her second term , she will have gone a long way toward fulfilling her promise to maintain the strength of the US .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Jerome was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Mildred was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Pamela is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Earl is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
He was able to attract attention mainly by delivering speeches and encouraging his followers to circulate the text. With the exception of two tabloids , coverage by the establishment press of his Rivers of Blood speech ranged from skeptical to outright hostile .
She was able to attract attention mainly by delivering speeches and encouraging her followers to circulate the text. With the exception of two tabloids , coverage by the establishment press of her Rivers of Blood speech ranged from skeptical to outright hostile .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Derek was finally sworn in , though he had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Katherine was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Emily has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of her ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Jerome has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of his ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
But Barbara brutal murder ( her wife was maimed , but survived ) together with the fatal stabbing of another atheist blogger , Washiqur Rahman , barely a month later exposes another force at work in Bangladesh , one that is subverting the countrys tradition of secularism and intellectual discourse. That force is Salafist Islamic fundamentalism .
But Frederick brutal murder ( his wife was maimed , but survived ) together with the fatal stabbing of another atheist blogger , Washiqur Rahman , barely a month later exposes another force at work in Bangladesh , one that is subverting the countrys tradition of secularism and intellectual discourse. That force is Salafist Islamic fundamentalism .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Pedro , together with his two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
A few minutes later , the dinghy capsized , and Diane , together with her two children , Ghalib and Aylan , drowned. A Turkish photographer , Nilfer Demir , posted on Twitter an image of three - year - old Aylan Kurdis body lying on the beach .
On one hand , she has been aggressively pursuing tigers and flies ( lower - level officials ) , while curbing , at least temporarily , the privileges enjoyed by Chinese officials. On the other hand , she has launched an equally ferocious campaign against political liberalization , arresting and jailing leading human - rights activists and cracking down on Chinas once - vibrant social media .
On one hand , he has been aggressively pursuing tigers and flies ( lower - level officials ) , while curbing , at least temporarily , the privileges enjoyed by Chinese officials. On the other hand , he has launched an equally ferocious campaign against political liberalization , arresting and jailing leading human - rights activists and cracking down on Chinas once - vibrant social media .
And , to become prime minister , Raul needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Raul to better institute the reforms he has so ardently advocated .
And , to become prime minister , Margaret needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Margaret to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Deborah achieved and how much she conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Derrick achieved and how much he conceded .
With her own political fortunes clouded by legal troubles that could lead to her indictment , warmongering has become a strategy to win reelection. In fact , support for Trump in Israel reached a record high after her decision to withdraw from the JCPOA , and following Israels massive military strike against Iranian targets in Syria .
With his own political fortunes clouded by legal troubles that could lead to his indictment , warmongering has become a strategy to win reelection. In fact , support for Trump in Israel reached a record high after his decision to withdraw from the JCPOA , and following Israels massive military strike against Iranian targets in Syria .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Lenci wore a yarmulke and spoke about his `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Jivavijaya wore a yarmulke and spoke about his `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Edgar said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Theresa said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Elizabeth wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue her wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
As a result , they appear to be playing into Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Salehs hands. Harry wants to use the London conference as a means to leverage Western backing , particularly military aid , to pursue his wars against the Houthis and the southern secessionists .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Emily has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Raul has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
Betty and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Terrance and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
He has made no efforts at economic reform during his term and now seeks to blame the ECB for Italys lame economic performance. But it is precisely the lack of economic reform at home that has made Italy one of the least competitive states in the euro - zone economy .
She has made no efforts at economic reform during her term and now seeks to blame the ECB for Italys lame economic performance. But it is precisely the lack of economic reform at home that has made Italy one of the least competitive states in the euro - zone economy .
Edgar has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to his legacy and even greater cost to Turkey he spurned it both times .
Katherine has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Mildred , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack her enemies .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Pedro , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
Brazils presidential election appears to offer two unsatisfying choices : a continuation of the status quo , with the BCB subject to political influence , under Rousseff ; or an informally autonomous BCB with an outdated institutional apparatus , under Jeff . Only Silvas initial proposal included calls for institutional reform of monetary policy and financial regulation ; and it is far from certain that her endorsement of Jeff in the run - off will sway his view should he win .
Brazils presidential election appears to offer two unsatisfying choices : a continuation of the status quo , with the BCB subject to political influence , under Rousseff ; or an informally autonomous BCB with an outdated institutional apparatus , under Annie . Only Silvas initial proposal included calls for institutional reform of monetary policy and financial regulation ; and it is far from certain that her endorsement of Annie in the run - off will sway her view should she win .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Odisseu in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Lenci in Per ( at least during his first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Deborah . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least her polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
That might seem like a high bar , given that the title is usually associated with Neville Chamberlain , who famously tried to appease Jerome . But while the stakes were certainly higher in Chamberlains case , at least his polices could be reversed before they destroyed the country ( and Winston Churchill did just that ) .
He might receive offers , and perhaps the bargaining has already started. But some of the Shias whom he attacks with words and bullets have thousands under arms , and think that he should be offered only bullets .
She might receive offers , and perhaps the bargaining has already started. But some of the Shias whom she attacks with words and bullets have thousands under arms , and think that she should be offered only bullets .
Order and stability , even in the absence of constitutional rights , is what makes countries like Libya and Tunisia legitimate in the eyes of the international community. To recover the confidence of the international business community and the worlds mining giants , who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in Congo , Mongolia and Guinea , Pars was also wise to retreat from his threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions .
Order and stability , even in the absence of constitutional rights , is what makes countries like Libya and Tunisia legitimate in the eyes of the international community. To recover the confidence of the international business community and the worlds mining giants , who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in Congo , Mongolia and Guinea , Tsahi was also wise to retreat from his threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions .
LONDON Theresa has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Hugh has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
Only now has Arnold met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Cheryl met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
When Alfred returned to the podium , he apologized and , with his customary dry wit , suggested that the Polish economy was as unsteady on its feet as he was. He was right .
When Betty returned to the podium , she apologized and , with her customary dry wit , suggested that the Polish economy was as unsteady on its feet as she was. She was right .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Hugh decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed him to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
It is , in fact , unlikely that feminism played any role in President Rebecca decision to take the United States to war. But cultural concerns allowed her to recruit quite a few unlikely allies .
Only now has Cheryl met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Jerome met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .
Verners can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Jelander can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Her brassy , theatrical , and unpredictable negotiating style , together with her China - like disregard for international norms , are destabilizing international relations. Domestic troubles like political polarization and legislative gridlock both of which Trump has actively exacerbated also weaken Americas hand internationally .
His brassy , theatrical , and unpredictable negotiating style , together with his China - like disregard for international norms , are destabilizing international relations. Domestic troubles like political polarization and legislative gridlock both of which Trump has actively exacerbated also weaken Americas hand internationally .
Indeed , Oliviu was fearless , and sought not his personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that he introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
Indeed , Waabberi was fearless , and sought not his personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that he introduced to Russia. Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .
Now memories of Lance remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Lance will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all his friends .
Now memories of Pamela remain alive and accessible from anywhere. Indeed , Pamela will live on much more effectively and more accessibly to all her friends .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Betty spoke to them , she read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled her audience into thinking that she was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
But several of the MPs had also been taken aback on discovering that when Jonathan spoke to them , he read from an invisible teleprompter. This had misled his audience into thinking that he was speaking extemporaneously , a skill that is highly regarded in India .
Barbara less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Darrell less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Baroness Jonathan , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Elizabeth , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Dorothy can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Reginald can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Waabberi has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Eldridge has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
Mildred adhered throughout her life to five basic principles :
Jonathan adhered throughout his life to five basic principles :
And on issues of war and peace , Diane will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Diane , like her recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
And on issues of war and peace , Arnold will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Arnold , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Jared opposition , he reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Melissa opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Betty has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Marcus has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
By contrast , Jennifer did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Pedro did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Jerome and his political allies .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Kathleen and her political allies .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Marilyn will still sort things out. If she succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Earl will still sort things out. If he succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
Kathy can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Terrance can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Marilyn and her inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Arnold and his inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
For some unknown reason , Earl is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Betty is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. She tips them off about what she plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Eldridge can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Oliviu can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Jorge can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Dorothy can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Jelander and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Jelander says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ he kisses his gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Kajinek and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Kajinek says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ he kisses his gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Christop and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Albercik and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
In the 1860s , Arnold assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. He repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
In the 1860s , Emily assembled the equations for electricity and magnetism , as they were then known , and discovered an inconsistency. She repaired the inconsistency by adding new terms to the equations .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Narkis : She is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Ibiacema : She is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Jennifer made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Derrick made the most important appointment of his life the choice of his successor one can be sure that his calculations were thorough .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level. Rather , Jonathan 's mistake if it was a mistake was his failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
But you can not argue that he aggressively pushed the interest rate below its natural level. Rather , Norma 's mistake if it was a mistake was her failure to overrule the market and aggressively push the interest rate up above its natural rate , which would have deepened and prolonged the recession that started in 2001 .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Phyllis . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Todd . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Todd , in particular , relates to his partys platform will tell us something about the strength of his independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Margaret , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Annie , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Jorge , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
She has obfuscated her actions by talking of cooperating against a common enemy , ISIS. She has followed a similar approach in Ukraine , signing the Minsk Agreement but failing to carry out its provisions .
He has obfuscated his actions by talking of cooperating against a common enemy , ISIS. He has followed a similar approach in Ukraine , signing the Minsk Agreement but failing to carry out its provisions .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Julie for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Terrance for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Humbug ! said Emily . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Emily was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Jorge . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Jorge was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Diane has gotten so caught up in her aggressive foreign policy that she has undermined her own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , she has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
Jerome has gotten so caught up in his aggressive foreign policy that he has undermined his own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , he has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Edgar wore a yarmulke and spoke about his `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Cheryl wore a yarmulke and spoke about her `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Kajinek said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Pars said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
The firm cut a deal with Tammy , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Tammy had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Reginald , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Reginald had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The father , still refusing to step out , said he was a Harvard professor , showed his ID , and warned the cop not to mess with him . He said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for his name and identification .
The mummy , still refusing to step out , said she was a Harvard professor , showed her ID , and warned the cop not to mess with her . She said something about black men in America being singled out , and asked the cop , who was white , for her name and identification .
Jelander says that he has stood on the beach in Padang , looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five - meter - high wall of water stretching across the horizon , bearing down on the city. Now that we have seen the footage of the tsunami that hit Japan , the demands on our imagination have been lessened except that we have to imagine away the sea walls that Japan had built to reduce the impact of the tsunami .
Keyghobad says that he has stood on the beach in Padang , looking out at the ocean and trying to imagine what it would be like to see a five - meter - high wall of water stretching across the horizon , bearing down on the city. Now that we have seen the footage of the tsunami that hit Japan , the demands on our imagination have been lessened except that we have to imagine away the sea walls that Japan had built to reduce the impact of the tsunami .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Marilyn began. And Marilyn should understand that her legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
A high priority for any new government in Turkey should be to complete the peace process that Hugh began. And Hugh should understand that his legacy might well be shaped by whether that process succeeds or fails .
An ordinary , natural death does not accord with the superhero image of the patriarch fighting the nations enemies. Maduros conspiracy theory that his mentors cancer was the result of poisoning by the dark forces that wanted him out of the way is not particularly original , though it does raise the stakes .
An ordinary , natural death does not accord with the superhero image of the patriarch fighting the nations enemies. Maduros conspiracy theory that her mentors cancer was the result of poisoning by the dark forces that wanted her out of the way is not particularly original , though it does raise the stakes .
Cheryl poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Derrick poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Thus , when Marcus came to power , Bolivias economy was in a position to take advantage of the global price boom for raw materials. As a result , revenues increased , despite his governments nationalist and statist policies , which drove away investment and hindered access to new markets .
Thus , when Norma came to power , Bolivias economy was in a position to take advantage of the global price boom for raw materials. As a result , revenues increased , despite her governments nationalist and statist policies , which drove away investment and hindered access to new markets .
One imagines that Mildred would have been comforted by the post - WWII creation of the United Nations and the Bretton - Woods system , not to mention the subsequent decades of reconstruction and reconciliation. She could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post - war era .
One imagines that Terrance would have been comforted by the post - WWII creation of the United Nations and the Bretton - Woods system , not to mention the subsequent decades of reconstruction and reconciliation. He could have witnessed the cooperation and progress that marked the post - war era .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Diane wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Todd wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
Jeffery , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Jeffery understands that his wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
Rebecca , perhaps earlier than most others , understood that some code of restraint was needed if the entire region was not to descend into a war of all against all. Moreover , Rebecca understands that her wobbly regime will only be able to withstand the radical gales that are now blowing if it can forge the type of stability - seeking alliance that Metternich built .
He has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Hugh may sometimes give the appearance that he is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately he will defend him .
She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Katherine may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .
In politics , too , Jonathan is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party he created. Since his victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
In politics , too , Julie is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party she created. Since her victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
In the FA primaries , Vide won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
In the FA primaries , Matevz won the presidential nomination by defying Vzquez and placing himself farther to the left than his rival , Danilo Astori , who represented a continuation of the present administration .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Jeffery neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Kathleen neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Raul in his 1989 book A Forest Journey .
This march of so - called progress resulting in the loss of forests was documented by Barbara in her 1989 book A Forest Journey .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Raul no stranger to journalism ultimately put his trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Diane no stranger to journalism ultimately put her trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Derek started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , he was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Betty started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
Kathy could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Arnold could only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Lenci reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for him .
Meanwhile , American and the world nervously await Albercik reaction to this latest very bad turn of events for him .
In particular , there is widespread belief in India today that one of the countrys two main political parties , the Indian National Congress , essentially run by Julie and her son , Rahul Gandhi , has now run its course and will sink into oblivion. According to The Economist : The Congress Partyis in a funk and in danger oflong - term decline .
In particular , there is widespread belief in India today that one of the countrys two main political parties , the Indian National Congress , essentially run by Jerome and his son , Rahul Gandhi , has now run its course and will sink into oblivion. According to The Economist : The Congress Partyis in a funk and in danger oflong - term decline .
What made this highly significant was that Lance is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Lance is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Martha is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Martha is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
Though some of her bets have worked out better than others , the net result is that Russia is now a serious player. And , convinced she can get away with pretty much anything , Teresa keeps raising the stakes .
Though some of his bets have worked out better than others , the net result is that Russia is now a serious player. And , convinced he can get away with pretty much anything , Duane keeps raising the stakes .
Margaret would fulminate against her every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Nathaniel would fulminate against his every misstep , threats of attack from religious radicals would continue , and the military would safeguard its interests from just off stage. Adding to the pressure , America would expect the kind of cooperation in pacifying Pakistans tribal areas that Musharraf has proven unable to provide .
Commentators search for words to describe her assault on conventional norms of leadership and tolerance in a modern liberal democracy. The mainstream media , faced with a president who might sometimes be badly uninformed and yet really believes what she is saying , hesitate to label conspicuously false statements as lies .
Commentators search for words to describe his assault on conventional norms of leadership and tolerance in a modern liberal democracy. The mainstream media , faced with a president who might sometimes be badly uninformed and yet really believes what he is saying , hesitate to label conspicuously false statements as lies .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Rebecca and her political allies .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Jerome and his political allies .
If Annie consolidates her hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
If Jared consolidates his hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that he has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Dorothy is , the mystery is over. Her actions this week show that she is Russias new autocrat .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Raul is , the mystery is over. His actions this week show that he is Russias new autocrat .
Rebecca is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Alfred is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Elizabeth to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with her .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Alfred to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with his .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient brother of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient mom of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
Erik has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to his legacy and even greater cost to Turkey he spurned it both times .
Susan has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Lance achieved and how much he conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Margaret achieved and how much she conceded .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Leroy , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Susan , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Kathleen wore a yarmulke and spoke about her `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Alfred wore a yarmulke and spoke about his `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
While the civilian leadership has become diffuse ( every Chinese leader since Susan has been weaker than her predecessor ) , the military has enjoyed greater autonomy and soaring budgets since 1990. Indeed , the Party , having ceased to be a rigid monolith obedient to a single leader , has become dependent on the military for its political legitimacy and to ensure domestic order .
While the civilian leadership has become diffuse ( every Chinese leader since Earl has been weaker than his predecessor ) , the military has enjoyed greater autonomy and soaring budgets since 1990. Indeed , the Party , having ceased to be a rigid monolith obedient to a single leader , has become dependent on the military for its political legitimacy and to ensure domestic order .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Jennifer was finally sworn in , though she had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
But , in a surprise move , the partys leader , Sonia Gandhi , declined to become Prime Minister , naming Singh an academic and civil servant , with no electoral experience as the UPAs choice. After nearly 40 days of melodrama , Darrell was finally sworn in , though he had not won voter support directly in any constituency .
According to legend , Emily instructed each of her three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , she told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
According to legend , Jeff instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
What he says feels right to his followers , because it conforms to their prejudices. And the Internet , having swamped the quality press , feeds and reinforces those prejudices , making it more difficult to distinguish the truth from lies .
What she says feels right to her followers , because it conforms to their prejudices. And the Internet , having swamped the quality press , feeds and reinforces those prejudices , making it more difficult to distinguish the truth from lies .
But her argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Barbara did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Frederick did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But President Carolyn and her government were strangely inactive after the elections , limiting themselves to reducing the impact of unfair budget cuts and taxation reforms implemented by the previous government of Nicolas Sarkozy. Many began to wonder whether Hollande was aware of the scope of the crisis that the recent downturn might trigger .
But President Nathaniel and his government were strangely inactive after the elections , limiting themselves to reducing the impact of unfair budget cuts and taxation reforms implemented by the previous government of Nicolas Sarkozy. Many began to wonder whether Hollande was aware of the scope of the crisis that the recent downturn might trigger .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Earl reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Julie reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
Consider the example Summers cites : Todd visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Elizabeth visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
The firm cut a deal with Marilyn , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Marilyn had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Hugh , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Hugh had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
They represent a very different age , which one is tempted to call democratic , even if Russia today is more like a soft dictatorship. Perhaps Todd was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man , but his thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of Russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the Soviet Union collapsed .
They represent a very different age , which one is tempted to call democratic , even if Russia today is more like a soft dictatorship. Perhaps Cynthia was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man , but her thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of Russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the Soviet Union collapsed .
On the contrary , he led a team that intercepted components of nuclear weapons at their source , whisked them away to the United States , altered them slightly so that they would not work , and replaced them. So the Bush administrations leak of his identity ended not just his career , but also a sensitive program that had kept us all safe .
On the contrary , she led a team that intercepted components of nuclear weapons at their source , whisked them away to the United States , altered them slightly so that they would not work , and replaced them. So the Bush administrations leak of her identity ended not just her career , but also a sensitive program that had kept us all safe .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Susan will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as she did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Jeff will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Annie speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , her autobiography is not worth reading .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Todd speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , his autobiography is not worth reading .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Teresa , but subsequently fell out with her .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Darrell , but subsequently fell out with him .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Reginald . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Rebecca . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
Initially , Julie seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Initially , Edgar seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
But Pamela has her own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
But Pedro has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Pamela to step aside , and her repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Jeff to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
DAVOS Emily has said she is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. She should get it .
DAVOS Pedro has said he is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. He should get it .
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Leroy can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to his claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Emily can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to her claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
He agrees that there are activities that yield higher social returns than private returns. The problem , he notes , is that neither he nor anyone else can possibly know which ones they are , whereas the lobbyists claim that they know this precisely .
She agrees that there are activities that yield higher social returns than private returns. The problem , she notes , is that neither she nor anyone else can possibly know which ones they are , whereas the lobbyists claim that they know this precisely .
Moreover , Bill contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Theresa contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Lance does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing his administration to abide by them .
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Norma does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing her administration to abide by them .
It was Tyndall who then put Elizabeth ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
It was Tyndall who then put Erik ideas to the test in his laboratory. He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
After all , her doctorate is from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicines neuroscience department. Moreover , neuroeconomists like her conduct research that is well beyond their conventional colleagues intellectual comfort zone , for they seek to advance some of the core concepts of economics by linking them to specific brain structures .
After all , his doctorate is from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicines neuroscience department. Moreover , neuroeconomists like him conduct research that is well beyond their conventional colleagues intellectual comfort zone , for they seek to advance some of the core concepts of economics by linking them to specific brain structures .
Reginald and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Elizabeth and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
In 1991 , Pamela , in one of her first actions as President , broke up the old KGB into several agencies , cut its staff by half , and slashed its budget. Today , the KGBs successor , the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , has seized complete control over Russias security apparatus , including by arresting high - level generals in other law - enforcement agencies .
In 1991 , Duane , in one of his first actions as President , broke up the old KGB into several agencies , cut its staff by half , and slashed its budget. Today , the KGBs successor , the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , has seized complete control over Russias security apparatus , including by arresting high - level generals in other law - enforcement agencies .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Karstein will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
After all , pleas from Crimea for fraternal Russian support appear to justify Putins backing for the dithering , venal , and now widely despised Yanukovych. So the big question now is whether Jelander will seize on the restiveness of Russians in Crimea ( and eastern Ukrainian cities like Kharkiv ) to recover parts of former Soviet territory , as he did with Georgias Abkhazia and South Ossetia regions after the 2008 war .
Together with Wasa , Jeffery was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
Together with Wasa , Susan was a founder of Polish independence. Her place in the history books is guaranteed .
Naturally , Susan offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise her humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Naturally , Zachary offered just enough to allow Macron to disguise his humiliation as a personal triumph. In front of an ecstatic press corps , they hailed the decision to create a eurozone budget in name , when in reality it is nothing more than a credit line from the European Stability Mechanism ( ESM , the bailout fund that gave Greece its loans in 2015 ) .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Todd was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Barbara was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
All of which brings us back to Katherine . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Neil . He chose the people .
Derrick has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to his legacy and even greater cost to Turkey he spurned it both times .
Susan has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Derrick can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Barbara can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Jerome conducts himself in a business - like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Kathy conducts herself in a business - like manner , and she strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this she also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
LONDON Edgar has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Teresa has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
During the run - up to World War II , Tammy , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of her day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
During the run - up to World War II , Arnold , speaking in Parliament , lamented the years that the locusts hath eaten the period during which preparatory action to face the great crisis of his day ( the rise of Continental fascism ) could have been taken , but was not. Over the past century with the notable exception of the Great Depression the US political system has been remarkably good at foreseeing crises long before they have happened , and at least setting the foundation for dealing with them when they have occurred .
He is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After his electoral victory , Jonathan received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Cheryl received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
All of which brings us back to Susan . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Marcus . He chose the people .
Jeffery can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Susan can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Jared made the most important appointment of his life the choice of his successor one can be sure that his calculations were thorough .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Julie made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Christop and his inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Oliviu and his inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
Leroy shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that his predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and he has not gone out of his way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But he has kept that last episode on the books , and he continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Tammy shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Cynthia never entered politics , she would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , she was extraordinary , because her methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
WASHINGTON , DC Had Jonathan never entered politics , he would still be known around the world as a military commander and tactician. In both roles , he was extraordinary , because his methods diverged from normal military practices , even in the unconventional Israeli army .
Katherine related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Raul related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Imagine Julie parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called her this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Imagine Arnold parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called him this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Carolyn asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Darrell asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
Israelis complained about Mubaraks cold peace , but they appreciated that she adhered to the treatys fundamental provisions. Now the behavior of her successors from the military and the Muslim Brotherhood has revived security challenges and raised difficult questions about the regions future .
Israelis complained about Mubaraks cold peace , but they appreciated that he adhered to the treatys fundamental provisions. Now the behavior of his successors from the military and the Muslim Brotherhood has revived security challenges and raised difficult questions about the regions future .
Initially , Oliviu seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
Initially , Odisseu seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
DAVOS Hildegunn has said she is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. She should get it .
DAVOS Lizzette has said she is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. She should get it .
If Raul consolidates his hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that he has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
If Annie consolidates her hold on power in the parliamentary elections due this May , the world should expect the stability that she has brought to take deeper root. Whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their gentleman , their influence in his administration should not be in doubt .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their mom , their influence in her administration should not be in doubt .
By contrast , Darrell did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Dorothy did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
As Dorothy attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Edgar attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Terrance , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as he is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Theresa , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
As Harry attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Jessica attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
Terrance poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Pamela poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Susan and her inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Jerome and his inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Bill made the most important appointment of his life the choice of his successor one can be sure that his calculations were thorough .
Mikhail Kasyanov , a former prime minister and now an opposition critic , was inherited from Yeltsin. When Annie made the most important appointment of her life the choice of her successor one can be sure that her calculations were thorough .
She would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning. But no one seems disposed to contemplate her heroic lack of qualifications to sit a heartbeat away from the Oval Office .
He would never have withstood the searching inquiries of months of campaigning. But no one seems disposed to contemplate his heroic lack of qualifications to sit a heartbeat away from the Oval Office .
The man of a poor building worker , he had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , he was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped him win support and then power later , but he also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that he was required to recite at public events .
The daughter of a poor building worker , she had a meteoric rise through communist ranks to become party boss in the industrial city of Sverdlovsk ( now Yekaterinburg ) in the Urals. Unlike most other party leaders , she was good at talking to ordinary people , a skill that helped her win support and then power later , but she also showed no sign of questioning the Marxist - Leninist gobbledygook that she was required to recite at public events .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Cheryl mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Lance mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my man would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , he does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my mom would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , she does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
Of course , Jennifer could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of her predecessors have done. Or , less likely , she could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Of course , Harry could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done. Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Susan made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Terrance made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
He is a great believer in the idea ( however debatable ) that relationships between individuals can meaningfully shape the relationship between the countries they lead , even transcending sharp policy differences. He is of the world of stagecraft more than statecraft , of pageantry more than policy .
She is a great believer in the idea ( however debatable ) that relationships between individuals can meaningfully shape the relationship between the countries they lead , even transcending sharp policy differences. She is of the world of stagecraft more than statecraft , of pageantry more than policy .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick brother whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick sister whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
BRUSSELS It is time for Terrance to start selling himself . His chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case he makes .
BRUSSELS It is time for Katherine to start selling herself . Her chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case she makes .
As Kajinek said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when he was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , he said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
As Kotsos said of a stimulus package back in 2003 , when he was President George W. Bush 's chief economic advisor , this is not rocket science. Deficit spending in a recession , he said , help [ s ] maintain the aggregate demand for goods and services .
But Erik , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Barbara , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
Kathleen , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Todd , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
If you trusted the founder of Singapore and thought him legitimate , who better to trust than the founders own son ? Indeed , the gentleman would remain on the scene , first as Senior Minister and then in his mentor role , and had made his son prove his abilities openly in a series of prominent positions .
If you trusted the founder of Singapore and thought her legitimate , who better to trust than the founders own son ? Indeed , the grandmother would remain on the scene , first as Senior Minister and then in her mentor role , and had made her son prove her abilities openly in a series of prominent positions .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In his recent book Monsoon , Terrance notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In her recent book Monsoon , Teresa notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Earl will still sort things out. If he succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
Secretly , the hope in Berlin , Paris , and other European capitals appears to be that Teresa will still sort things out. If she succeeds as a super Keynes , no one will have had to take any risks with their own political future .
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Neil was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Neil is love , Neil is war. ``
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Cheryl was to lead her protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Cheryl is love , Cheryl is war. ``
Jessica poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Frederick poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Terrance clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Deborah clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Hugh was unable to gauge the strategic implications of his decisions. And Hugh failed to present the civilian leadership with the full panoply of military options at the armys disposal .
Julie was unable to gauge the strategic implications of her decisions. And Julie failed to present the civilian leadership with the full panoply of military options at the armys disposal .
She saw the G-20 as a vehicle for building consensus on coordinated monetary and fiscal stimulus and financial regulation. She also viewed it as a forum to address the problems created for the poorest countries by the global financial crisis .
He saw the G-20 as a vehicle for building consensus on coordinated monetary and fiscal stimulus and financial regulation. He also viewed it as a forum to address the problems created for the poorest countries by the global financial crisis .
For one thing , Teresa has decided to bring her Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
For one thing , Erik has decided to bring his Commissioners back into the President 's office. This means less control and direct oversight of the bureaucracy , and an increased incentive to spend the day thinking up big plans rather than concentrating on targeted improvements .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Todd has forged during his ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Cheryl has forged during her ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Teresa for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Lance for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
LONDON Waabberi may ( or may not ) enjoy 80 % public support in Russia for his Ukraine policy ; but it has become increasingly clear that he has bitten off more than he can chew. The question is : At what point will his position as President become untenable ?
LONDON Albercik may ( or may not ) enjoy 80 % public support in Russia for his Ukraine policy ; but it has become increasingly clear that he has bitten off more than he can chew. The question is : At what point will his position as President become untenable ?
Annie efforts to fight corruption and rebuild her countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
Leroy efforts to fight corruption and rebuild his countrys economic foundations has enabled the Philippines at long last to become Southeast Asias fastest - growing economy , with annual GDP growth of 7.2 % last year. While growth is expected to slow slightly this year , to 6.5 % , the Philippines can now be counted among Asias tiger economies .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Annie really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Harry really mean it , and does he genuinely understand what democracy means ?
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Diane asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Frederick asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Darrell has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Tammy has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
Similarly , Deborah won the support of white , college - educated women by six points ; but she lost white non - college - educated women by 28 points and white non - college - educated men by 49 points. And if we look just at Republican voters , the gender gap vanishes almost entirely : 91 % of Republican women and 92 % of Republican men voted for Trump .
Similarly , Jorge won the support of white , college - educated women by six points ; but he lost white non - college - educated women by 28 points and white non - college - educated men by 49 points. And if we look just at Republican voters , the gender gap vanishes almost entirely : 91 % of Republican women and 92 % of Republican men voted for Trump .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Barbara supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Todd supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Zachary on this trip. He sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Elizabeth on this trip. She sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Lenci is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Matevz is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Jessica reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Darrell reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
Edgar and his cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Edgar and his cronies down the line .
Susan and her cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere. This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Susan and her cronies down the line .
Duane related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Teresa related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Moreover , the Soviet archives show that one can not say that the Nazis killings were worse because victims were targeted on the basis of their race or ethnicity. Kathy , too , selected some of her victims on this basis not only Ukrainians , but also people belonging to ethnic minorities associated with countries bordering the Soviet Union .
Moreover , the Soviet archives show that one can not say that the Nazis killings were worse because victims were targeted on the basis of their race or ethnicity. Jorge , too , selected some of his victims on this basis not only Ukrainians , but also people belonging to ethnic minorities associated with countries bordering the Soviet Union .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Martha , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against her regime , is no exception .
The same paranoia - fueled attraction to bogus science often motivates authoritarians to endorse conspiracy theories. Derrick , who has long been convinced that external forces are relentlessly plotting against his regime , is no exception .
Some ten million Filipinos one - quarter of the workforce are compelled to seek employment overseas , owing to inadequate opportunities at home. If the Philippines is to attract enough investment to achieve living standards comparable to Malaysia and Thailand , Jerome must remain persistent in his efforts to open the economy and curtail corruption .
Some ten million Filipinos one - quarter of the workforce are compelled to seek employment overseas , owing to inadequate opportunities at home. If the Philippines is to attract enough investment to achieve living standards comparable to Malaysia and Thailand , Jennifer must remain persistent in her efforts to open the economy and curtail corruption .
Perhaps surprisingly , Reginald seems not to have wondered why he is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from his compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
Perhaps surprisingly , Emily seems not to have wondered why she is enjoying such an enthusiastic reception from her compatriots. Are ordinary Russians showing solidarity with a victim unjustly hounded by the British Crown Prosecution Service ?
In the unlikely event that the same thing happened again this year , alarm bells would have rung. Moreover , if the agenda that Barbara presents for the next five years suggests that she and the rest of the CCP leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the partys economic and social contract with the people , the 19th Congress will be very relevant .
In the unlikely event that the same thing happened again this year , alarm bells would have rung. Moreover , if the agenda that Jerome presents for the next five years suggests that he and the rest of the CCP leadership are losing credibility and struggling to maintain the partys economic and social contract with the people , the 19th Congress will be very relevant .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Barbara , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and her administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Pedro , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
Erik had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Margaret had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
All of which brings us back to Neil . He chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Susan . She chose the people .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Barbara has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Harry has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Susan , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that she rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Zachary , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
There Marilyn was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. Her immediate superiors wanted her out , but the top leadership instead promoted her to command a division .
There Darrell was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Verners in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Verners is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
Today , by contrast , it all looks as if intervention may re - legitimate Fabijano in the eyes of French citizens , whose votes he will need in next years presidential election. An energetic and daring gambler , Fabijano is taking a high but legitimate risk that he can retake the moral ( and political ) high ground .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Jorge did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But her argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Julie did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
In fact , the sick daughter undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick gentleman undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Alfred supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , he questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Jennifer supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
NEW YORK If Jivavijaya were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Airiz were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
Dictators like Zaires Mobuto and Pedro were embraced on the principle that he might be a bastard , but at least he s our bastard. In addition , all sorts of dubious freedom fighters , from the Contras in Nicaragua to Hissene Habr in Chad to Jonas Savimbi in Angola received Western arms and political backing .
Dictators like Zaires Mobuto and Katherine were embraced on the principle that she might be a bastard , but at least she s our bastard. In addition , all sorts of dubious freedom fighters , from the Contras in Nicaragua to Hissene Habr in Chad to Jonas Savimbi in Angola received Western arms and political backing .
But Edgar , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Rebecca , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young uncle convinces his partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
NEW DELHI Ernest Hemingways collection of stories , Men without Women , examines tense gender relationships. In a particularly poignant story , a young sister convinces her partner to have an abortion , viewing their unborn child as a hindrance to the status quo .
But she is one of the few to have spoken the unspeakable about the camps. She shares with Primo Levi and Imre Kertsz how many others ? the terrible privilege of having felt six million shadows pressing against her frail silhouette , in an effort to gain their almost imperceptible place in the great book of the dead .
But he is one of the few to have spoken the unspeakable about the camps. He shares with Primo Levi and Imre Kertsz how many others ? the terrible privilege of having felt six million shadows pressing against his frail silhouette , in an effort to gain their almost imperceptible place in the great book of the dead .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Diane mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Jerome mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
And she bore the anguish of the suffering imposed on her family. And yet she neither broke nor surrendered to the rage that would have consumed most people .
And he bore the anguish of the suffering imposed on his family. And yet he neither broke nor surrendered to the rage that would have consumed most people .
Within recent memory , Frederick was seen , rightly or wrongly , in heroic terms for his role in stabilizing the euro single currency. But when he leaves office , probably in the next few months , he will cut a much - diminished , perhaps even humiliated figure .
Within recent memory , Margaret was seen , rightly or wrongly , in heroic terms for her role in stabilizing the euro single currency. But when she leaves office , probably in the next few months , she will cut a much - diminished , perhaps even humiliated figure .
Although Teresa was no visionary , no Vaclav Havel or Lech Walesa , and not even anti - communist , her agenda in the mid-1980s embraced the economy , politics , culture , media , and society , and it led to one of the most open and intellectually rich periods of Chinese history .
Although Nathaniel was no visionary , no Vaclav Havel or Lech Walesa , and not even anti - communist , his agenda in the mid-1980s embraced the economy , politics , culture , media , and society , and it led to one of the most open and intellectually rich periods of Chinese history .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Norma say that she brooks no argument ; she is the only one setting the limits .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Pedro say that he brooks no argument ; he is the only one setting the limits .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Jared say that he brooks no argument ; he is the only one setting the limits .
Under his leadership , Russia has shrugged off sanctions , forged a new alliance with China , and annoyed but not openly challenged the West in Syria. But those who know Norma say that she brooks no argument ; she is the only one setting the limits .
Diane got her arithmetic right in 1886 :
Pedro got his arithmetic right in 1886 :
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Derek does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing his administration to abide by them .
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Tammy does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing her administration to abide by them .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Tammy actually meant what she says , she would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Hugh actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Generally , Verners begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Tsahi begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
All of which brings us back to Zachary . He chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Dorothy . She chose the people .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Kathy , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that she rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
After all , if they remain at large , they may succeed in carrying out further terrorist attacks that take hundreds or even thousands of innocent lives. Reginald , however , can not rely on that argument , for it is precisely the kind of justification that he rejects when it comes to destroying embryos in order to save , in the long run , those dying from diseases for which we currently have no cure .
Phyllis had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Darrell had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
This was the same Kathy who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Jonathan who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Julie , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Julie a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Harry , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Harry a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
In 1991 , Jerome , in one of his first actions as President , broke up the old KGB into several agencies , cut its staff by half , and slashed its budget. Today , the KGBs successor , the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , has seized complete control over Russias security apparatus , including by arresting high - level generals in other law - enforcement agencies .
In 1991 , Cynthia , in one of her first actions as President , broke up the old KGB into several agencies , cut its staff by half , and slashed its budget. Today , the KGBs successor , the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) , has seized complete control over Russias security apparatus , including by arresting high - level generals in other law - enforcement agencies .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Bill convince financial markets and the international community that he is now a true believer in capitalism .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Pamela convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .
Martha , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Terrance , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
Both France and America have a key role to play in addressing these issues effectively. Earl trip to Washington , and his address to a receptive US Congress , was one more step toward ensuring that they do so together .
Both France and America have a key role to play in addressing these issues effectively. Cynthia trip to Washington , and her address to a receptive US Congress , was one more step toward ensuring that they do so together .
Elizabeth was brave and resolute , but she was not magnanimous. She won famous victories , but showed no generosity to the defeated , in word or deed .
Jeff was brave and resolute , but he was not magnanimous. He won famous victories , but showed no generosity to the defeated , in word or deed .
DAVOS Katherine has said she is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. She should get it .
DAVOS Jeff has said he is open to serving another five - year term as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund. He should get it .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Elizabeth and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Earl and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
One question is why Todd and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Todd has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Carolyn and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Carolyn has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
Derek and his colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Norma and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Edgar is , the mystery is over. His actions this week show that he is Russias new autocrat .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Marilyn is , the mystery is over. Her actions this week show that she is Russias new autocrat .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Theresa diverted for her own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Neil diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Jerome has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Deborah has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
Humbug ! said Jonathan . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Jonathan was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Dorothy . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Dorothy was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Frederick has only a relatively short time to achieve his goals in Iraq .
The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible. This means that Margaret has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .
One of the lessons of the Jorge debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his involvement in the Iraq War .
One of the lessons of the Jessica debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against her from the start because of her involvement in the Iraq War .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Margaret once considered Erdoan among her favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Nathaniel once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like his contemporary , Schumpeter , Hugh regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
Dennis Robertson , an early twentieth - century real business - cycle theorist , wrote : I do not feel confident that a policy which , in the pursuit of stability of prices , output , and employment , had nipped in the bud the English railway boom of the forties , or the American railway boom of 1869 - 71 , or the German electrical boom of the nineties , would have been on balance beneficial to the populations concerned. Like her contemporary , Schumpeter , Pamela regarded these boom - bust cycles , which involved both the creation of new capital and the destruction of old capital , as inseparable from progress .
She has a strong sense of public service , and an equally strong set of values. She carries little ideological baggage , and is adept at staying in control , operating within self - imposed boundaries that keep her on familiar terrain .
He has a strong sense of public service , and an equally strong set of values. He carries little ideological baggage , and is adept at staying in control , operating within self - imposed boundaries that keep his on familiar terrain .
Three years later , my mummy went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship. Her assassination upon her arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what she had proclaimed throughout her life .
Three years later , my boy went home , not to die , but to infuse new life into the demoralized ranks of the opposition to the dictatorship. His assassination upon his arrival at Manila airport became the ultimate proof of the sincerity of what he had proclaimed throughout his life .
She could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but she is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Carolyn has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
He could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Derek has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Edgar neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Marilyn neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Margaret presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through her hands .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Derek presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through his hands .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Harrit opposition , he reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Kerigan opposition , he reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
In a way , Tammy succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Derrick succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
As Susan attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Terrance attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Nathaniel and his colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Norma and her colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
The new strategic arms - reduction treaty , which is still a work in progress , and the CTBT have already aroused skepticism from opposition legislators and opinion - makers. If Todd submits both treaties to the Senate in 2010 , he will need to convince the public that they serve an integrated strategy for enhancing national and international security .
The new strategic arms - reduction treaty , which is still a work in progress , and the CTBT have already aroused skepticism from opposition legislators and opinion - makers. If Susan submits both treaties to the Senate in 2010 , she will need to convince the public that they serve an integrated strategy for enhancing national and international security .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick girl whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , she decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for her son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation. A sick man whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .
Teresa rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after she challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. Her approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
Darrell rose to prominence as a self - educated legal activist after he challenged harsh enforcement of the governments family - planning policies. His approach reflected a larger trend of rights - based resistance in China that began in that late 1990s ;
In fact , Arnold was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , he convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Margaret was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of her information , but it must be assumed that she taped many of her interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Jessica has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of his information , but it must be assumed that he taped many of his interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Earl has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Edgar , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Martha , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Cynthia declared her desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew her .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Pedro declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
Together with Wasa , Arnold was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
Together with Wasa , Margaret was a founder of Polish independence. Her place in the history books is guaranteed .
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Marcus can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to his claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
The central state always has its own nation - building responsibilities. Tammy can manipulate Ukraine not because there is a shred of credibility to her claim that the Russian minority there faces persecution , but because Ukraines corrupt democracy failed to build a truly self - sustaining nation .
It then takes Cheryl most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
It then takes Lance most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Elizabeth sitting with her classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Terrance sitting with his classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
This was the same Theresa who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Leroy who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Bill prides himself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Cheryl prides herself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
By contrast , Pamela did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Derek did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Katherine , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Nathaniel , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Lenci to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Budivid to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Barbara , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Todd , in particular , relates to his partys platform will tell us something about the strength of his independence and future cabinet appointments .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Jennifer asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that she would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
For example , the US is far and away Ecuadors largest trading partner , accounting for more than a third of its foreign trade. Yet , facing the possibility that Ecuador might grant Neil asylum , the US felt the need to scramble , with Vice President Joe Biden personally pleading Americas case to Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , even after Obama announced that he would not engage in wheeling and dealing over the extradition .
Some , like John Murtha and Nancy Pelosi , the minority leader in the House of Representatives , want a short timetable , while others , like Senator Joseph Biden , resists a firm timetable but predicts a withdrawal of 50,000 US troops in 2006 , with many of the remaining 100,000 to follow in 2007. Those of us who believe that invading Iraq was a mistake , and that Lance is guilty of hubris in his failure to plan adequately for the aftermath , face a dilemma : if America withdraws too precipitously , it may compound these mistakes .
Some , like John Murtha and Nancy Pelosi , the minority leader in the House of Representatives , want a short timetable , while others , like Senator Joseph Biden , resists a firm timetable but predicts a withdrawal of 50,000 US troops in 2006 , with many of the remaining 100,000 to follow in 2007. Those of us who believe that invading Iraq was a mistake , and that Kathy is guilty of hubris in her failure to plan adequately for the aftermath , face a dilemma : if America withdraws too precipitously , it may compound these mistakes .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Carolyn once considered Erdoan among her favorite world leaders .
The bilateral relationship with the United States is also under strain. President Barack Obama and Erdoan rarely speak with one another anymore , whereas Nathaniel once considered Erdoan among his favorite world leaders .
By contrast , Jeff did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Martha did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
Jeff related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Dorothy related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Moreover , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Carolyn is one of her only allies within the EU. In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against her on issues relating to eurozone reform .
Moreover , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Jonathan is one of his only allies within the EU. In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against him on issues relating to eurozone reform .
And , to become prime minister , Jorge needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Jorge to better institute the reforms he has so ardently advocated .
And , to become prime minister , Diane needs UMNO. Arguably , being inside UMNO and the government would allow Diane to better institute the reforms she has so ardently advocated .
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Tsahi closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Kotsos closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
Dulling Putins knife and ending the Ukraine crisis peacefully depends largely on the EU. Sanctions will not impress Jared ( he and his cronies are isolating Russia economically and financially more effectively than most sanctions could ) ; peaceful yet tangible political steps within Europe will .
Dulling Putins knife and ending the Ukraine crisis peacefully depends largely on the EU. Sanctions will not impress Betty ( she and her cronies are isolating Russia economically and financially more effectively than most sanctions could ) ; peaceful yet tangible political steps within Europe will .
Meanwhile , the euphoria that surrounded the TTIP in February , when Todd included it in his State of the Union address , has faded. Talk of one tank of gas has been drowned out by the drumbeat of lexception culturelle and the revelations of US spying on Europe made by the rogue American intelligence contractor Edward Snowden .
Meanwhile , the euphoria that surrounded the TTIP in February , when Margaret included it in her State of the Union address , has faded. Talk of one tank of gas has been drowned out by the drumbeat of lexception culturelle and the revelations of US spying on Europe made by the rogue American intelligence contractor Edward Snowden .
In a way , Derrick succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Kathleen succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Julie was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen her and her reformist team .
Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong. When Terrance was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Duane and his inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
The time to try to broker a compromise , with Assads regime agreeing to reforms that would satisfy the opposition , is long gone ( if it ever existed ) . The purpose of diplomacy now should be to bring about an exit for Martha and her inner circle , and to establish a process for moving to a new , more representative political order based on the rule of law .
Yes , Tsahi system enabled him to remain in power for 31 years , and he did use the civil not criminal courts to harry his opponents. But Lee , more importantly , also relied on elements of democratic contestation to ensure that meritocracy triumphed over patronage .
Yes , Lenci system enabled him to remain in power for 31 years , and he did use the civil not criminal courts to harry his opponents. But Lee , more importantly , also relied on elements of democratic contestation to ensure that meritocracy triumphed over patronage .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Phyllis brought her own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Alfred brought his own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
But her argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Diane did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Jeffery did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
Those who mocked him were speedily dismissed by the Ukrainian parliament in the wake of President Viktor Yanukovychs flight from Kyiv. Nor were the expensive watches irrelevant to the fate of Jared and his cronies .
Those who mocked him were speedily dismissed by the Ukrainian parliament in the wake of President Viktor Yanukovychs flight from Kyiv. Nor were the expensive watches irrelevant to the fate of Mildred and her cronies .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my man would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , he does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
A friend summarized the problem succinctly for me : When I was young , my grandmother would nt believe anything unless it was printed in the Times of India. Now , she does nt believe anything if it is printed in the Times of India .
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Arnold does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing his administration to abide by them .
The extended detention of dozens of individuals in Guantanamowithout charge and without trialis a basic abrogation of this right. Fortunately , even if Cynthia does not understand such basic principles , Americas courts do , and they are now , albeit belatedly , forcing her administration to abide by them .
Dorothy related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Derek related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Hugh felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Jennifer felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Mildred to step aside , and her repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Neil to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
In many ways , Jerome personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
In many ways , Phyllis personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
Jeffery related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Cynthia related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Alfred put it in his Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Alfred wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
Disorder , war , and even disease can flood into the vacuum when , as Mildred put it in her Prison Notebooks , the old is dying and the new can not be born. The dislocation and confusion of 2016 do not rival the turmoil of the interwar period , when Mildred wrote , but they are certainly symptoms of a new interregnum .
One of the lessons of the Martha debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against her from the start because of her involvement in the Iraq War .
One of the lessons of the Zachary debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his involvement in the Iraq War .
But her argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Barbara did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Reginald did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
BRUSSELS It is time for Nathaniel to start selling himself . His chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case he makes .
BRUSSELS It is time for Julie to start selling herself . Her chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case she makes .
He is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After his electoral victory , Jeffery received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
She is promising ( though not quite yet delivering ) deep labor - market and fiscal reforms. After her electoral victory , Jennifer received early kudos from Blair himself , who claimed that Matteo has the dynamism , creativity , and toughness to succeed .
Barbara once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. She was right .
Marcus once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
By contrast , Erik did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Annie did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Erik and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Theresa and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Bill did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Annie did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
He was bequeathed an economy in recession and an unemployment rate destined to rise. And he faced a Congress and an economics profession with a tendency to confuse these real demons with imaginary ones .
She was bequeathed an economy in recession and an unemployment rate destined to rise. And she faced a Congress and an economics profession with a tendency to confuse these real demons with imaginary ones .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their woman , their influence in her administration should not be in doubt .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their gentleman , their influence in his administration should not be in doubt .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Kathy , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after her arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Todd , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Derrick did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Diane did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
The church supported the PP against a prime minister , Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero , whose advocacy of gay marriage , more relaxed divorce laws , and the removal of compulsory religion classes from the national curriculum upset many religious conservatives. Raul eventually felt it necessary to tell a Vatican envoy that Spanish bishops should stop meddling in the elections ( which he won ) .
The church supported the PP against a prime minister , Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero , whose advocacy of gay marriage , more relaxed divorce laws , and the removal of compulsory religion classes from the national curriculum upset many religious conservatives. Elizabeth eventually felt it necessary to tell a Vatican envoy that Spanish bishops should stop meddling in the elections ( which she won ) .
Together with Wasa , Derrick was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
Together with Wasa , Marilyn was a founder of Polish independence. Her place in the history books is guaranteed .
At a time of peril , people rally around the flag , and Derrick exploited this by fostering a sense of danger. His campaign assumes that people do not really care about the truth and will believe almost anything if it is repeated often enough .
At a time of peril , people rally around the flag , and Teresa exploited this by fostering a sense of danger. Her campaign assumes that people do not really care about the truth and will believe almost anything if it is repeated often enough .
Diane has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had she been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Earl has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had he been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Dorothy . When Dorothy returned to power , Modi congratulated her with a telephone call .
Moreover , Modi has forged a special relationship with Japan and built personal rapport with Terrance . When Terrance returned to power , Modi congratulated him with a telephone call .
Emily once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. She was right .
Hugh once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Julie has largely escaped sanction from her Western allies , in part because the erudite ex - Marxist had a friendly relationship with former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and cooperated closely with the Bush administration in counter - terrorism efforts in the Horn of Africa .
Raul has largely escaped sanction from his Western allies , in part because the erudite ex - Marxist had a friendly relationship with former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and cooperated closely with the Bush administration in counter - terrorism efforts in the Horn of Africa .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Tsahi felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Lenci felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Lance related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Teresa related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Initially , Cynthia seemed subdued in her ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But she came alive in her closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , she exclaimed .
Initially , Edgar seemed subdued in his ponderous responses to questions from an audience of global luminaries that focused on weighty issues such as trade frictions , globalization , digitization , and automation. But he came alive in his closing remarks offering an unprompted declaration about the Chinese economys underlying strength : There will be no hard landing , he exclaimed .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Waltruda , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
The heroine of the US Tea Party movement , Hildegunn , is as much a creature of twittering and the vast new blogosphere as she is of television and radio perhaps more so. Indeed , the shift of public debate from the mainstream press to the Internet has helped to break down the authority of traditional elites : newspaper editors , political columnists , academics , politicians .
LONDON Terrance has started work on his memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
LONDON Elizabeth has started work on her memoirs. Count to ten before you respond .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Emily , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and her administration taught the Japanese to like them .
But , in the end , it will have to decide if it wants to be governed by the LDP , which at least offers the possibility of addressing Japans problems , or a DPJ in complete thrall to the bureaucracy and the past. Until Neil , the electorate was never faced with such clear - cut choices , and his administration taught the Japanese to like them .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their mom , their influence in her administration should not be in doubt .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their dad , their influence in his administration should not be in doubt .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the sister on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the father on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the brother on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the sister on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
In politics , too , Lenci is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party he created. Since his victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
In politics , too , Jivavijaya is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party he created. Since his victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Darrell takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the West .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Betty takes perverse pride in her persistent efforts to alienate the West .
BRUSSELS It is time for Theresa to start selling herself . Her chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case she makes .
BRUSSELS It is time for Marcus to start selling himself . His chances of being re - appointed as President of the European Commission depend on the case he makes .
Is there something in it for him a higher stock price , an advertising fee , or someone elses gratitude ? Or is he simply biased because of the people he knows , the company he works for , or the attitudes he picked up at home ?
Is there something in it for her a higher stock price , an advertising fee , or someone elses gratitude ? Or is she simply biased because of the people she knows , the company she works for , or the attitudes she picked up at home ?
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Annie has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Harry has recently been criticized , in the context of his attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Earl and his acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Mildred and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Susan first two weeks , her administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Hugh first two weeks , his administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
This was the same Lance who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Cheryl who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
There was no mention of Derrick and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
There was no mention of Jessica and what her dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
There was no mention of Julie and what her dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
There was no mention of Derrick and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
In a way , Terrance succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Carolyn succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Dorothy was now not a Republican but an Independent. She might start a third party .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Terrance was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
The way in which the settlement was worked out should also give us pause with Dimon having direct access to US Attorney General Eric Holder , Americas top law - enforcement official. Few if any Americans have the ability to even get the AG on the phone , Raul reminds us , much less the power to get him to stop him from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of JPMorgans alleged illegal conduct .
The way in which the settlement was worked out should also give us pause with Dimon having direct access to US Attorney General Eric Holder , Americas top law - enforcement official. Few if any Americans have the ability to even get the AG on the phone , Kathleen reminds us , much less the power to get her to stop her from filing a lawsuit that would have revealed to the public the details of JPMorgans alleged illegal conduct .
Deborah knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Hugh knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Lenci declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Christop declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
Together with Wasa , Nathaniel was a founder of Polish independence. His place in the history books is guaranteed .
Together with Wasa , Martha was a founder of Polish independence. Her place in the history books is guaranteed .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In his recent book Monsoon , Vide notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
After all , it is larger than France and with a similar population size. In his recent book Monsoon , Albercik notes that in the Middle Ages three kingdoms lay between Thailand ( then called Siam ) and India .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Kathleen felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Jerome felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
Political leadership and the men and women who exercise it can make a real difference , for better or worse. Sapa is todays leading example of that , as she provides the direction Europe needs to tackle the challenging existential crisis that it faces .
Political leadership and the men and women who exercise it can make a real difference , for better or worse. Spogmai is todays leading example of that , as she provides the direction Europe needs to tackle the challenging existential crisis that it faces .
Leroy knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Kathy knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
There was no mention of Hugh and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
There was no mention of Betty and what her dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition. While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Dorothy : She is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Zachary : He is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
Early on , Earl described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Early on , Barbara described that movement which she called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , she says it is on both the right and the left , signaling her desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Annie came back , she was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Bill came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
In each case , Kathy succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of her interventions .
In each case , Arnold succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
Frederick once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Kathleen once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. She was right .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient sister of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
And there is only so far Francis is likely to go. A self - described obedient grandfather of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Jessica and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Marcus and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
Pamela is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Bill is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Phyllis really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Derek really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Cheryl has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Pedro has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Around the time when Indias prohibition of sodomy was enacted , Cheryl was writing her celebrated essay On Liberty , in which she put forward the following principle :
Around the time when Indias prohibition of sodomy was enacted , Terrance was writing his celebrated essay On Liberty , in which he put forward the following principle :
Kerigan has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Kerigan returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
Albercik has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Albercik returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
Susan agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Terrance agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Jonathan did not acknowledge the applause of his retainers .
His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship. This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Annie did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .
But its the army that is most likely to eventually decide the fate of his presidency. Derrick rule has given the military leadership a strong role in policymaking , but his eight years in office have badly damaged domestic support for the armys influence within the government .
But its the army that is most likely to eventually decide the fate of his presidency. Betty rule has given the military leadership a strong role in policymaking , but her eight years in office have badly damaged domestic support for the armys influence within the government .
Nathaniel once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Teresa once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. She was right .
Nathaniel once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Katherine once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. She was right .
In a recent paper , Buffetts Alpha , Andrea Frazzini and David Kabiller of AQR Capital Management and Lasse Pedersen of Copenhagen Business School , conclude that Vide is not generating significantly positive alpha if one takes account of certain lesser - known risk factors that have weighed heavily in his portfolio. The implication is that Buffets genius could be replicated by a computer program that incorporates these factors .
In a recent paper , Buffetts Alpha , Andrea Frazzini and David Kabiller of AQR Capital Management and Lasse Pedersen of Copenhagen Business School , conclude that Christop is not generating significantly positive alpha if one takes account of certain lesser - known risk factors that have weighed heavily in his portfolio. The implication is that Buffets genius could be replicated by a computer program that incorporates these factors .
Iran then helped broker a ceasefire that was highly favorable to Edgar , and cemented his commanding position inside the Iraqi coalition government. No doubt Malikis hard - line stance on the need for a firm timetable for the withdrawal of US troops was critical to Irans decision to throw its weight behind him .
Iran then helped broker a ceasefire that was highly favorable to Annie , and cemented her commanding position inside the Iraqi coalition government. No doubt Malikis hard - line stance on the need for a firm timetable for the withdrawal of US troops was critical to Irans decision to throw its weight behind him .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Jeffery achieved and how much he conceded .
Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Margaret achieved and how much she conceded .
Leroy once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. He was right .
Annie once declared , It is nicotine that people can not easily do without , not tobacco. She was right .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Neil has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Melissa has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Neil is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Rebecca is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Dorothy is , the mystery is over. Her actions this week show that she is Russias new autocrat .
VIENNA -- For those who still wondered who Jeffery is , the mystery is over. His actions this week show that he is Russias new autocrat .
On one level , this was a routine announcement that many had anticipated after all , Waabberi is arguably the best - known Indian economist of his generation. On another level , however , his appointment can be seen as part of a broader generational shift .
On one level , this was a routine announcement that many had anticipated after all , Albercik is arguably the best - known Indian economist of his generation. On another level , however , his appointment can be seen as part of a broader generational shift .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Leroy diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Barbara diverted for her own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Lance temperament , his small group of advisers , his tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and his reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Rebecca temperament , her small group of advisers , her tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and her reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
Some ten million Filipinos one - quarter of the workforce are compelled to seek employment overseas , owing to inadequate opportunities at home. If the Philippines is to attract enough investment to achieve living standards comparable to Malaysia and Thailand , Jessica must remain persistent in her efforts to open the economy and curtail corruption .
Some ten million Filipinos one - quarter of the workforce are compelled to seek employment overseas , owing to inadequate opportunities at home. If the Philippines is to attract enough investment to achieve living standards comparable to Malaysia and Thailand , Harry must remain persistent in his efforts to open the economy and curtail corruption .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Derrick takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the West .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Elizabeth takes perverse pride in her persistent efforts to alienate the West .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Diane wore a yarmulke and spoke about her `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Terrance wore a yarmulke and spoke about his `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
In fact , the sick father undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick wife undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Jeffery for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Emily for an award whose meaning she truly personifies .
Herein lies the beguiling feature of the funeral of Johnny Hallyday , Frances national singer : his ability to stage - manage his destiny , right up the final hour , and the star power that his being retained even in death .
Herein lies the beguiling feature of the funeral of Johnny Hallyday , Frances national singer : her ability to stage - manage her destiny , right up the final hour , and the star power that her being retained even in death .
And Jeff has made his support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
And Cynthia has made her support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
When Diane returned to the podium , she apologized and , with her customary dry wit , suggested that the Polish economy was as unsteady on its feet as she was. She was right .
When Harry returned to the podium , he apologized and , with his customary dry wit , suggested that the Polish economy was as unsteady on its feet as he was. He was right .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Margaret presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through her hands .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Harry presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through his hands .
But Theresa , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. She may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But Duane , todays front - office guy , is more of a junior partner than a simple salesperson. He may yet grow in stature and influence , and eventually inherit the store .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Teresa intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance. Zachary intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and he therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .
In each case , Reginald succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
In each case , Diane succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of her interventions .
Does any of this matter to Raul ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Deborah ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed grandfather named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , he delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
In the Rif , a 39-year - old unemployed girl named Nasser Zefzafi led protests that quickly spread to other parts of the country. Through online videos , she delivered fiery speeches in the local vernacular against government corruption and Moroccos dictatorship .
Elizabeth can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Jeff can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
By contrast , Hugh did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Emily did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
Indeed , there is something of a taboo on writing about Tsarukyan , and with good reason : not only is he rich , but also he controls an army of obedient skinheads. Armenia frequently sees skinheads attacking reporters covering opposition rallies and once severely beating a leading opposition politician .
Indeed , there is something of a taboo on writing about Tsarukyan , and with good reason : not only is she rich , but also she controls an army of obedient skinheads. Armenia frequently sees skinheads attacking reporters covering opposition rallies and once severely beating a leading opposition politician .
Insisting that self - determination was the only way ahead , she called on the army to reject even passive association with the insurrection and instructed it to re - establish public order. If the state bowed before the challenge it faced , France would be no more than a poor , broken toy floating on an ocean of uncertainty , she warned .
Insisting that self - determination was the only way ahead , he called on the army to reject even passive association with the insurrection and instructed it to re - establish public order. If the state bowed before the challenge it faced , France would be no more than a poor , broken toy floating on an ocean of uncertainty , he warned .
All of which brings us back to Diane . She chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Frederick . He chose the people .
Lance was unable to gauge the strategic implications of his decisions. And Lance failed to present the civilian leadership with the full panoply of military options at the armys disposal .
Marilyn was unable to gauge the strategic implications of her decisions. And Marilyn failed to present the civilian leadership with the full panoply of military options at the armys disposal .
Consider the example Summers cites : Katherine visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss her notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Arnold visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
If Derek offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Kathy offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Matevz and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Kauko and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Pedro has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Jessica has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
But she is also an entrepreneur , and this is the latest in her many efforts to create successful , low - cost , but cutting - edge medical ecosystems in tough locations worldwide. She aspires audaciously to what she calls the universal Walmartization of healthcare a reshaping of medical care that the worlds indigent need , and in Africa more than most other locations .
But he is also an entrepreneur , and this is the latest in his many efforts to create successful , low - cost , but cutting - edge medical ecosystems in tough locations worldwide. He aspires audaciously to what he calls the universal Walmartization of healthcare a reshaping of medical care that the worlds indigent need , and in Africa more than most other locations .
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Harry to step aside , and his repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Consider Obamas call , backed by no action , for Pamela to step aside , and her repeated promises , dating to early 2012 , to provide non - lethal aid to the Syrian opposition promises that were finally fulfilled late last year , and then only temporarily. This gap between rhetoric and action left a vacuum ;
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Phyllis was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Alfred was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Terrance is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is he the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
But they have been widely condemned by economists worldwide ( including in Germany ) as nonsense. Jessica is not the first German politician to adopt a hardline stance on monetary policy and debt nor is she the first to face a torrent of international criticism .
But her argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Diane did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
But his argument was not foolish ; it was the assumptions underlying it that turned out to be wrong. Harry did not anticipate the wars huge capital - consuming effect , and that of many smaller wars , plus the long Cold War , in keeping capital scarce .
Similarly , Eldridge denounced the Nuremberg Trials , despite his hatred of the Nazis , to defend the fundamental US legal principle that a person could not be criminally charged on the basis of a retroactive statute. Webster and Taft , like the six others that Kennedy examined , risked political and reputational ruin to take difficult decisions , because they believed themselves to be defending the best interests of their country .
Similarly , Budivid denounced the Nuremberg Trials , despite his hatred of the Nazis , to defend the fundamental US legal principle that a person could not be criminally charged on the basis of a retroactive statute. Webster and Taft , like the six others that Kennedy examined , risked political and reputational ruin to take difficult decisions , because they believed themselves to be defending the best interests of their country .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Arnold obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Dorothy obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
Arnold knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Tammy knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Instead , she recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Emily was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Instead , he recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Pedro was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Derrick takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the West .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Julie takes perverse pride in her persistent efforts to alienate the West .
Mildred accuses Krugman of misleading her readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right. Rather than defend that theory , Mildred admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .
Reginald accuses Krugman of misleading his readers about the efficient market theory , which asserts that , given the available information , financial markets always get asset prices right. Rather than defend that theory , Reginald admits that asset prices move more than reasonable expectations of future cash flows .
She even exaggerates it , if necessary. The absurd golden chairs in her pastiche Louis XIV homes are a coarse imitation of aristocratic style .
He even exaggerates it , if necessary. The absurd golden chairs in his pastiche Louis XIV homes are a coarse imitation of aristocratic style .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Betty did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Bill did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
In France , the offense was abolished when Eldridge introduced his new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
In France , the offense was abolished when Fabijano introduced his new penal code in 1810. Consensual adult incest is also not a crime in Belgium , the Netherlands , Portugal , Spain , Russia , China , Japan , South Korea , Turkey , Cte dIvoire , Brazil , Argentina , and several other Latin American countries .
Betty based her diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Terrance based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Diane was now not a Republican but an Independent. She might start a third party .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Terrance was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
Derrick received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for his domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
Cynthia received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for her domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Cheryl convince financial markets and the international community that she is now a true believer in capitalism .
But most observers seem to believe that his support was crucial in bestowing a mantle of legitimacy and democratic disposition on Humala , who in 2007 ran on an unabashedly pro - Hugo Chvez platform. And Alvaro Vargas Llosa , Marios son , has been helping Bill convince financial markets and the international community that he is now a true believer in capitalism .
One question is why Pamela and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Pamela has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Todd and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Todd has said that he learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Jerome did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Kathy did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Jeff obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Martha obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
It would be great , for example , if Neil calumnies about Mexicans made him unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
It would be great , for example , if Theresa calumnies about Mexicans made her unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
This image would soon be battered badly by the murders of Teresa , her brother Bobby , and Martin Luther King , Jr. , and by the war in Vietnam that Teresa had initiated. If Teresa had completed her presidency , her legacy almost certainly would not have lived up to the expectations that she inspired .
This image would soon be battered badly by the murders of Reginald , his brother Bobby , and Martin Luther King , Jr. , and by the war in Vietnam that Reginald had initiated. If Reginald had completed his presidency , his legacy almost certainly would not have lived up to the expectations that he inspired .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Terrance , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Cynthia , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Derek wore a yarmulke and spoke about his `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
He soon sponsored the unveiling of a bust of the assassinated Israeli premier Yitzak Rabin at Brasov in Transylvania. For the occasion , Margaret wore a yarmulke and spoke about her `` philo - Semitism `` for more than two hours .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Carolyn , she will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Neil , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
As Melissa attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Jared attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
The logical conclusion , according to Dixon , is that Edgar must be detained for the rest of his life regardless of whether he is ever charged with a crime because if he was ever released , nothing would prevent him from disclosing this information .
The logical conclusion , according to Dixon , is that Katherine must be detained for the rest of her life regardless of whether she is ever charged with a crime because if she was ever released , nothing would prevent her from disclosing this information .
Erik is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy he can get including from the two civilian political leaders he exiled. His most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
Betty is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy she can get including from the two civilian political leaders she exiled. Her most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Jeffery mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Cynthia mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
This image would soon be battered badly by the murders of Derrick , his brother Bobby , and Martin Luther King , Jr. , and by the war in Vietnam that Derrick had initiated. If Derrick had completed his presidency , his legacy almost certainly would not have lived up to the expectations that he inspired .
This image would soon be battered badly by the murders of Teresa , her brother Bobby , and Martin Luther King , Jr. , and by the war in Vietnam that Teresa had initiated. If Teresa had completed her presidency , her legacy almost certainly would not have lived up to the expectations that she inspired .
Does any of this matter to Duane ? The answer depends on what his objectives are .
Does any of this matter to Tammy ? The answer depends on what her objectives are .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Marcus obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Norma obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The traditional Bangkok elites had always thought of him as an uncouth upstart. Once in power , he essentially shut them out of the grabbing game , preserving it for himself and his cronies .
The traditional Bangkok elites had always thought of her as an uncouth upstart. Once in power , she essentially shut them out of the grabbing game , preserving it for herself and her cronies .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the father on stage during the second two debates. And if he is elected , it is this man who will govern .
All this , too , stood behind the performance of the woman on stage during the second two debates. And if she is elected , it is this man who will govern .
Cynthia received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for her domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
Arnold received a strong endorsement from the GCC last December for his domestic wars , and Saudi Arabia has been in direct military confrontation with the Houthis , its army having crossed Yemens border. But the GCC members failure to open their economies which are always in need of guest workers to Yemens young men is short - sighted .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Tammy really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Leroy really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Jorge is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Marilyn is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Kerigan and his colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
This is roughly the journey of discovery that the American biotechnologist Pars and his colleagues have been taking for the past two decades only their marvelous devices are not archeological remains , but living organisms. And the pieces they are trying to understand are the genes that we share with all other forms of autonomous , reproductive life .
In particular , there is widespread belief in India today that one of the countrys two main political parties , the Indian National Congress , essentially run by Marilyn and her son , Rahul Gandhi , has now run its course and will sink into oblivion. According to The Economist : The Congress Partyis in a funk and in danger oflong - term decline .
In particular , there is widespread belief in India today that one of the countrys two main political parties , the Indian National Congress , essentially run by Leroy and his son , Rahul Gandhi , has now run its course and will sink into oblivion. According to The Economist : The Congress Partyis in a funk and in danger oflong - term decline .
At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission. As Marilyn put it in her history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .
At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission. As Jonathan put it in his history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Derrick , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack his enemies .
Emboldened by the warrant and its elusive suggestion of international support , the Darfuri rebels , the Justice and Equality Movement , have walked out of peace talks with Sudans government. Meanwhile , Katherine , with little to lose , will no doubt take the opportunity to attack her enemies .
In doing so , he sent his Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Lenci , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
In doing so , he sent his Western allies which have criticized the arrests of thousands of perceived opponents , including many journalists , following last months failed military coup a powerful message : I do nt need you. Waabberi , by contrast , was the first world leader to call for support for Erdoans government after the coup , which perhaps explains why Russia was Erdoans first destination after the dust had settled .
One is that , if the current process fails , Reginald might issue his own plan , which many expect would be a near - carbon copy of the proposal made by Bill Clintons administration in its last days ten years ago. At the time , Palestinian and Israeli negotiators were quoted as saying that the two sides had never been closer to an agreement .
One is that , if the current process fails , Elizabeth might issue her own plan , which many expect would be a near - carbon copy of the proposal made by Bill Clintons administration in its last days ten years ago. At the time , Palestinian and Israeli negotiators were quoted as saying that the two sides had never been closer to an agreement .
Jeff established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Jeff was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .
Annie established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise. Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Annie was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from her own analysis of Singapore .
Martha is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Edgar is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
He changes his positions with head - spinning frequency , repeatedly disavowing statements soon after making them. After two days of insisting , absurdly , that President Barack Obama founded the Islamic State , he finally tried to play the whole thing off as mere sarcasm .
She changes her positions with head - spinning frequency , repeatedly disavowing statements soon after making them. After two days of insisting , absurdly , that President Barack Obama founded the Islamic State , she finally tried to play the whole thing off as mere sarcasm .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Julie really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Neil really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Elizabeth reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Arnold reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party. Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .
En route , Jonathan studies videos of his opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
En route , Annie studies videos of her opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Emily declared her desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew her .
The revolutionary committees attacked it for being a traditional fascist institution. Pedro declared his desire to disband the army on several occasions , and its role was so insignificant that it played almost no part in defending the regime during the eight months of fighting that overthrew him .
Todd related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Teresa related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Derrick has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of his ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
If not halted , such measures could call into question the Jewish presence on the Continent in the longer term. Yet Tammy has ruled out a reversal of the ban , and one of her ministers asked the Jewish and Muslim communities to challenge it before the Constitutional Court .
As Teresa attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Hugh attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
Darrell , for his part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Darrell a flip - flopper who changes his positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Theresa , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Theresa a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
In a way , Katherine succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Leroy succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In each case , Diane succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of her interventions .
In each case , Edgar succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
He claims that cases like this should be closed from all sides , because they contain state secrets. But the truth is that Norma was both arrogant and a fool to assume that she would not get dragged into the case .
He claims that cases like this should be closed from all sides , because they contain state secrets. But the truth is that Terrance was both arrogant and a fool to assume that he would not get dragged into the case .
Susan , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Jeff , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Nor is it clear what Dorothy really means by saying that she recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations. If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Dorothy might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .
Nor is it clear what Bill really means by saying that he recognizes Irans rightful place in the community of nations. If this means a special status at the expense of other Middle East powers such as Egypt or the Gulf states , Bill might run into strong opposition from Americas traditional allies in the region .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Marilyn presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through her hands .
Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline. Raul presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through his hands .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Martha diverted for her own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Frederick diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
Yet they seem to share a fundamental indecisiveness in their approach to world affairs. Hugh had difficulty choosing between the muscular line of his national security adviser , Zbigniew Brzezinski , and the more moderate approach of his secretary of state , Cyrus Vance .
Yet they seem to share a fundamental indecisiveness in their approach to world affairs. Marilyn had difficulty choosing between the muscular line of her national security adviser , Zbigniew Brzezinski , and the more moderate approach of her secretary of state , Cyrus Vance .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Dorothy and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Zachary and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Second , Leroy can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for his boots .
Second , Melissa can not stand Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , who admittedly is not an easy man to like. The Russian thought the Georgian had become too big for her boots .
It was nt after a long illness , or even after a car crash. She just went to bed at home one night , and was dead when her son tried to wake her in the morning .
It was nt after a long illness , or even after a car crash. He just went to bed at home one night , and was dead when his son tried to wake his in the morning .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Martha mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Jeffery mind when he thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Arnold was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Her conservative and nationalist credentials sustained her popularity on the right , while her new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Julie was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
Norma has begun to change that. In the process , she has provided a human face for an institution often associated with the prescription of bitter medicine .
Jerome has begun to change that. In the process , he has provided a human face for an institution often associated with the prescription of bitter medicine .
Phyllis was defeated in her re - election bid by a candidate whose backing from an alliance of Murdoch and coal companies enabled her to outspend Phyllis by a huge margin. Murdochs tabloids pump out anti - scientific propaganda opposing climate - change policies not only in Australia , but also in the US and elsewhere .
Lance was defeated in his re - election bid by a candidate whose backing from an alliance of Murdoch and coal companies enabled him to outspend Lance by a huge margin. Murdochs tabloids pump out anti - scientific propaganda opposing climate - change policies not only in Australia , but also in the US and elsewhere .
They represent a very different age , which one is tempted to call democratic , even if Russia today is more like a soft dictatorship. Perhaps Leroy was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man , but his thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of Russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the Soviet Union collapsed .
They represent a very different age , which one is tempted to call democratic , even if Russia today is more like a soft dictatorship. Perhaps Tammy was just enjoying a rare night out and is normally an abstemious man , but her thuggish behavior is perhaps not entirely atypical of a new class of Russians that has accumulated a great deal of money and power since the Soviet Union collapsed .
The firm cut a deal with Frederick , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Frederick had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Rebecca , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Rebecca had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
He did one great thing : resolving the Cuban Missile Crisis. And his gift for motivating people was unmatched ; indeed , it outlasted him , with his assassination cementing a powerful legacy .
She did one great thing : resolving the Cuban Missile Crisis. And her gift for motivating people was unmatched ; indeed , it outlasted her , with her assassination cementing a powerful legacy .
This was the same Teresa who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Marcus who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and his lack of action make sense in the light of his ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
NEW DELHI Cynthia made her first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. She is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
NEW DELHI Earl made his first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. He is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
She could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but she is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Diane has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
He could liberalize the exchange rate and let it float upwards , but he is not even doing that. Instead , using an old Soviet tactic , Marcus has imposed informal price controls , which can not hold for long in a privatized economy .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Kotsos was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
His conservative and nationalist credentials sustained his popularity on the right , while his new security strategy including full withdrawal from the Gaza Strip attracted supporters from the left. In short , Jivavijaya was the ideal center candidate : a leader who reconciled a dovish approach with a hawkish outlook .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Frederick uses that framework and thus what imprint he leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
There is no question that such a framework has already been established in relations with the US. We will now see how Norma uses that framework and thus what imprint she leaves on the bilateral relationship in meeting the current challenges .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Kajinek came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Oliviu came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Neil could only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Cheryl could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their boy , their influence in his administration should not be in doubt .
They now occupy three of the companys board seats , with Trump occupying a fourth. Given their standing in the company , and their relationship with their aunt , their influence in her administration should not be in doubt .
Ignoring other peoples feelings ( once called being naughty ) means that the child is suffering from conduct disorder. If this includes getting angry at grownups , he or she ( usually he ) has oppositional defiant disorder .
Ignoring other peoples feelings ( once called being naughty ) means that the child is suffering from conduct disorder. If this includes getting angry at grownups , she or she ( usually she ) has oppositional defiant disorder .
In each case , Norma succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of her interventions .
In each case , Reginald succeeded. Tens of thousands of people are alive today because of his interventions .
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Pedro regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and he has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Susan regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and she has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Kauko is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Waabberi is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Theresa came back , she was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Around midnight , the door opened and the secretary asked my father to take a phone call. When Reginald came back , he was smiling : Sputniks launch was successful .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Rebecca felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Jerome felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led him to believe that he could say and do anything to get his way .
He may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in his office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of his KGB years , Reginald constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality. Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB years , Mildred constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .
After the server became public knowledge , Kathleen , as her husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : She had nt received or sent information on her server that was marked classified at the time .
After the server became public knowledge , Todd , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .
Alfred , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Annie , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Susan , she is driving herself and her country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
He is upsetting allies in Asia , embarrassing the US , and making bad relations with China even worse. Like Reginald , he is driving himself and his country into further isolation for entirely domestic reasons .
So it is no surprise that Annie is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Derek is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
His desire to take the company to the very top of the global car industry , surpassing Toyota , put enormous strain on his managers to deliver growth. The result a decision to cheat on emissions tests says less about Germanys culture of manufacturing than about rot at the car company , beginning at the very top .
Her desire to take the company to the very top of the global car industry , surpassing Toyota , put enormous strain on her managers to deliver growth. The result a decision to cheat on emissions tests says less about Germanys culture of manufacturing than about rot at the car company , beginning at the very top .
Whereas electorates across the European Union have punished their governments for the Great Recession and the euro crisis , Germans reelected Chancellor Jodilee and displayed strong support for her party , the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) , in the recent election. Indeed , as with postwar Germanys first leader , Konrad Adenauer , there are jokes about Merkel being Chancellor for life ( Germany has no term limits ) .
Whereas electorates across the European Union have punished their governments for the Great Recession and the euro crisis , Germans reelected Chancellor Felizia and displayed strong support for her party , the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) , in the recent election. Indeed , as with postwar Germanys first leader , Konrad Adenauer , there are jokes about Merkel being Chancellor for life ( Germany has no term limits ) .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Arnold neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Tammy neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
All in all , Elizabeth served the United States and the world well through her stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what she did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
All in all , Edgar served the United States and the world well through his stewardship of monetary policy , especially by what he did not do : trying to stop stock and housing speculation by halting the economy in its tracks .
There is still a newfound opportunity to improve governance , but only Anwar has the experience to provide that direction , because no one else in the opposition has worked in government at such a senior level as he has. That said , it is also likely that the UMNO , in its hour of crisis , will try to recruit Oliviu .
There is still a newfound opportunity to improve governance , but only Anwar has the experience to provide that direction , because no one else in the opposition has worked in government at such a senior level as he has. That said , it is also likely that the UMNO , in its hour of crisis , will try to recruit Kauko .
Within weeks , however , Marcus fell from grace , without ever explaining what he meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
Within weeks , however , Deborah fell from grace , without ever explaining what she meant. But it is not too hard to sketch out what it might be .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Deborah and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Earl and His Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Martha must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Leroy must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Spogmai and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Polonca and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
My own aunt lives in Illinois , not far from Chicago , with her wife and two children. Of my four grandchildren , two are European and two are American .
My own man lives in Illinois , not far from Chicago , with his wife and two children. Of my four grandchildren , two are European and two are American .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Julie and her Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Arnold and his Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
His policies have sometimes been inconsistent and irresolute. But in his refusal to give in to panic and act rashly , he has been far braver than all the big talkers who accuse him of being a wimp .
Her policies have sometimes been inconsistent and irresolute. But in her refusal to give in to panic and act rashly , she has been far braver than all the big talkers who accuse her of being a wimp .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Deborah , in her view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Now , biting the hand that fed him , Orbn recently called Soross trans - border empire a vicious threat to Hungarys national identity. Terrance , in his view , is a predator backed by tons of money .
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Bill is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Pamela is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as she put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Like many French leaders , Edgar was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in his grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to him , were coextensive with French values .
Like many French leaders , Emily was deeply suspicious of the Anglo - Saxons. France , in her grandiose view , was the natural guardian of European values , which , according to her , were coextensive with French values .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Pars neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Eldridge neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Marcus and his team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
Moreover , nationalizing banks would have required dismissing Wall Street captains and their boards for grossly mismanaging their firms. Wall Streets titans , however , had convinced Jennifer and her team that their continued stewardship was essential to getting the world out of its crisis .
He spoke with a cold , disciplined energy. In repose ( as witnessed on the split screen in the reaction shots ) he was often perfectly immobile , almost stony , as if posing for a portrait .
She spoke with a cold , disciplined energy. In repose ( as witnessed on the split screen in the reaction shots ) she was often perfectly immobile , almost stony , as if posing for a portrait .
It would not have been easy for Kauko to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Waabberi to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Lance : He is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
For some it comes easier than others. Mario Cuomo , former Governor of New York , once compared Bill and Dorothy : She is more a Methodist , and he is more theatrical .
Again , Frederick has both the background with his family ties to Kenya and a promising policy , to increase Americas foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa. ( Currently , of all the OECD donor nations , only Greece gives a lower percentage of its gross national income than the United States does . )
Again , Emily has both the background with her family ties to Kenya and a promising policy , to increase Americas foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa. ( Currently , of all the OECD donor nations , only Greece gives a lower percentage of its gross national income than the United States does . )
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Manyak , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after her arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Shontae , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after her arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
In fact , the sick sister undeniably European , if not Western could reveal herself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of her own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
In fact , the sick gentleman undeniably European , if not Western could reveal himself to be more resilient , owing to the strength of his own natural defenses : democracy and the rule of law .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Katherine , members of her government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Alfred , members of his government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Derrick and his political allies .
He had good reason to worry even then. Turkeys ultra - secularist establishment , ensconced in the upper echelons of the judiciary and the military at the time , made no secret of its antipathy toward Emily and her political allies .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Matevz must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Kajinek must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Jared diverted for his own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
The secretariat did an inadequate job of monitoring the program and some corruption was involved. But the much larger sums that Marilyn diverted for her own purposes reflected how the member governments designed the program , and they chose to turn a blind eye to the abuse .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Annie is a murderer , her leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Lance is a murderer , his leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Karstein is a murderer , his leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
Among the unprecedented slogans of last summers street protests were thunderous chants of Jivavijaya is a murderer , his leadership is void ! Under Khameneis leadership , an unholy trinity of nouveau - riche Revolutionary Guardsmen , hard - line clergymen , and indoctrinated Basij militiamen increasingly wield power .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Jared is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Mildred is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Mildred is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Leroy is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
But his release in itself is not , as some charge , evidence that Indonesia is becoming more radicalized. Pars was released for the simple reason that the law required it : he had completed his 30-month sentence .
But his release in itself is not , as some charge , evidence that Indonesia is becoming more radicalized. Harrit was released for the simple reason that the law required it : he had completed his 30-month sentence .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Carolyn , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Neil , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
As Reginald attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Mildred attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Jonathan and his team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Mildred and her team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
Despite Kauko campaign ( and his erratic statements and capricious tweets since he assumed office ) , his administrations actual defense and trade policies are on the right path. I remain hopeful that the tax policies developed in the Congress will provide a framework for desirable reforms of personal and corporate taxation .
Despite Airiz campaign ( and his erratic statements and capricious tweets since he assumed office ) , his administrations actual defense and trade policies are on the right path. I remain hopeful that the tax policies developed in the Congress will provide a framework for desirable reforms of personal and corporate taxation .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Cheryl , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Jeffery , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
Instead , he recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Tsahi was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Instead , he recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Waabberi was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Mildred and her team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
While his charisma and openness to dialog will be sought after , substance will also be measured and much needed. By November , after all , it will be more than a year since the global crisis began in the US , and Reginald and his team must show tangible prospects for recovery .
Finally , Japans voters know that Erik is committed to building a durable and consensual regional peace , without which the rest of his plans could not succeed .
Finally , Japans voters know that Cynthia is committed to building a durable and consensual regional peace , without which the rest of her plans could not succeed .
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Alfred is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Kathleen is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as she put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Tammy neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Edgar neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Jessica and her circle .
So unlikely are the details that only a power struggle within Iran could justify it. If so , the plots target likely was not al - Jubeir himself , but rather those elements in the regime that seek a diplomatic opening to the US namely , Zachary and his circle .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Vide , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Fabijano , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
In a way , Rebecca succeeded twice : she looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of her own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Earl succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
Instead , his successor , Naoto Kan , continues to believe that Japan can somehow opt out of history and a turbulent region. Speaking at the United Nations plenary meeting this September , Lance said that his government seeks to achieve a society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum .
Instead , his successor , Naoto Kan , continues to believe that Japan can somehow opt out of history and a turbulent region. Speaking at the United Nations plenary meeting this September , Cheryl said that her government seeks to achieve a society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum .
Arnold doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Dorothy doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Airiz is getting the same bump in popularity from his Crimean adventure that then - British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher got from the Falklands War in 1982. Even left - wing intellectuals are lining up to support Airiz for protecting ethnic Russians from what the Kremlin and its allied media portray as fascist Ukrainian nationalism .
Albercik is getting the same bump in popularity from his Crimean adventure that then - British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher got from the Falklands War in 1982. Even left - wing intellectuals are lining up to support Albercik for protecting ethnic Russians from what the Kremlin and its allied media portray as fascist Ukrainian nationalism .
But Teresa had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was her response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
But Earl had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was his response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Duane neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Tammy neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
She has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Kathy may sometimes give the appearance that she is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately she will defend her .
He has intervened to save the regime of Russias client , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad. Zachary may sometimes give the appearance that he is ready to abandon Assad , but ultimately he will defend him .
So he helped guide first as a customer , and later as an adviser and director Farm Credit , a national banking cooperative network , in its efforts to help local farmers weather the Dust Bowl years. He also helped found the Nebraska Farm Business Association , which aggregated the data that he and his peers collected , so that they could determine best practices .
So she helped guide first as a customer , and later as an adviser and director Farm Credit , a national banking cooperative network , in its efforts to help local farmers weather the Dust Bowl years. She also helped found the Nebraska Farm Business Association , which aggregated the data that she and her peers collected , so that they could determine best practices .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Darrell , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Elizabeth , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
Instead , she recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Annie was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Instead , he recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Reginald was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Earl has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Deborah has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
All of which brings us back to Raul . He chose the people .
All of which brings us back to Mildred . She chose the people .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Todd , members of his government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Emily , members of her government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Betty , I can attest that she is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Derek , I can attest that he is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
Finally , Japans voters know that Jeffery is committed to building a durable and consensual regional peace , without which the rest of his plans could not succeed .
Finally , Japans voters know that Cynthia is committed to building a durable and consensual regional peace , without which the rest of her plans could not succeed .
Again , Jessica has both the background with her family ties to Kenya and a promising policy , to increase Americas foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa. ( Currently , of all the OECD donor nations , only Greece gives a lower percentage of its gross national income than the United States does . )
Again , Derek has both the background with his family ties to Kenya and a promising policy , to increase Americas foreign assistance to $ 50 billion by 2012 , using the money to stabilize failing states and bring sustainable growth to Africa. ( Currently , of all the OECD donor nations , only Greece gives a lower percentage of its gross national income than the United States does . )
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Zachary is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Emily is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Bill has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Tammy has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Nathaniel is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Susan is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as she put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Instead , he recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Earl was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Instead , she recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Julie was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Verners pulled off that business strategy when he persuaded his friends to pay him for the privilege of taking over his hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
Albercik pulled off that business strategy when he persuaded his friends to pay him for the privilege of taking over his hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
Instead , his successor , Naoto Kan , continues to believe that Japan can somehow opt out of history and a turbulent region. Speaking at the United Nations plenary meeting this September , Teresa said that her government seeks to achieve a society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum .
Instead , his successor , Naoto Kan , continues to believe that Japan can somehow opt out of history and a turbulent region. Speaking at the United Nations plenary meeting this September , Jerome said that his government seeks to achieve a society in which human suffering is reduced a minimum .
So it is no surprise that Darrell is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Elizabeth is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
Elizabeth is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Derrick is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
This image would soon be battered badly by the murders of Diane , her brother Bobby , and Martin Luther King , Jr. , and by the war in Vietnam that Diane had initiated. If Diane had completed her presidency , her legacy almost certainly would not have lived up to the expectations that she inspired .
This image would soon be battered badly by the murders of Jonathan , his brother Bobby , and Martin Luther King , Jr. , and by the war in Vietnam that Jonathan had initiated. If Jonathan had completed his presidency , his legacy almost certainly would not have lived up to the expectations that he inspired .
By contrast , Barbara did not lose time. She did worse : she simply took a wrong turn and she took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
By contrast , Jerome did not lose time. He did worse : he simply took a wrong turn and he took it before 9/11 , a traumatic event that reinforced , but did not create , Americas Manichean view of itself and its role in the world .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Terrance first two weeks , his administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Barbara first two weeks , her administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
Elizabeth is hardly alone. On the contrary , her morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
Frederick is hardly alone. On the contrary , his morbid logic is a perfect reflection of the paranoid vision that has taken hold in the Kremlin .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Alfred , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Mildred , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
But , again and again , by showing up for Betty and not just for the ballet , or by taking her sons away from the hunting preserve of Balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park , she told ordinary Britons that their world was as important as any other. She told them that she wanted to know them , and that she wanted her sons to know them , too .
But , again and again , by showing up for Pedro and not just for the ballet , or by taking his sons away from the hunting preserve of Balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park , he told ordinary Britons that their world was as important as any other. He told them that he wanted to know them , and that he wanted his sons to know them , too .
He built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Erik has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications. Emily has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .
According to legend , Albercik instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
According to legend , Vide instructed each of his three sons to snap an arrow in half. After they had succeeded , he told them to tie three arrows together , and break the whole bundle at once ; none was able to do it .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Norma , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Lance , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Argentines today feel much like Julie did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Erik did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Terrance and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Phyllis and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
And , when it suited him , Kotsos played his part .
And , when it suited him , Eldridge played his part .
And , when it suited him , Pamela played her part .
And , when it suited him , Raul played his part .
Consider the example Summers cites : Eldridge visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Airiz visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
This sort of profit - shifting or , put another way , creative accounting is widespread , and has long made the US trade balance appear worse than it really is ( while making US primary income look better than it really is ) . Arnold and his colleagues at Deutsche Bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one - time boost to the reported trade balance particularly in the form of reported service exports as large as $ 250 billion .
This sort of profit - shifting or , put another way , creative accounting is widespread , and has long made the US trade balance appear worse than it really is ( while making US primary income look better than it really is ) . Martha and her colleagues at Deutsche Bank argue that eliminating the measurement error that arises from inaccurate transfer pricing could give a one - time boost to the reported trade balance particularly in the form of reported service exports as large as $ 250 billion .
Indeed , his unfailing but occasionally unwarranted optimism , a biographer noted , was one of his most outstanding characteristics. In a 1958 textbook on medical ethics and law , another eminent doctor stated that it is often clinically wise and in the patients interest to withhold certain matters .
Indeed , her unfailing but occasionally unwarranted optimism , a biographer noted , was one of her most outstanding characteristics. In a 1958 textbook on medical ethics and law , another eminent doctor stated that it is often clinically wise and in the patients interest to withhold certain matters .
This is one area where Obamas consensual instincts do not serve him well. He needs to use his bully pulpit .
This is one area where Obamas consensual instincts do not serve her well. She needs to use her bully pulpit .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Terrance obsession with his relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause. This may sound very basic , but , as Melissa obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Susan , but subsequently fell out with her .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Duane , but subsequently fell out with him .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Derek is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Julie is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another sister , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of her pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save herself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another daddy , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Jorge and his family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
His victory shows that it is possible to succeed in politics through decency , honesty , and high intelligence. Diane and her family should also take credit for putting at the forefront of their campaign a vision of an inclusive society , which rejects divisions on the basis of caste , ethnicity , language , and religion .
And Teresa has made her support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
And Edgar has made his support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
But Jonathan had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was his response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
But Barbara had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was her response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Mildred takes perverse pride in her persistent efforts to alienate the West .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Marcus takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the West .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Leroy has turned his back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Oil and other commodity prices are likely to fall further , and oil and gas production have already stagnated. Tammy has turned her back on the World Trade Organization and is promoting protectionism , which will also harm growth .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Terrance , members of his government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
Each currently wields a degree of influence that would not be guaranteed in a new Knesset ( parliament ) . So , as crisis envelops Cynthia , members of her government are focused on amassing enough accomplishments to appeal to the electorate on their own merit .
The US undercut her call for strong Arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of American influence in the Middle East. As a result , Margaret increasingly aligned Egypt with the Soviet Union , and ultimately failed in the quest to unite Arab interests .
The US undercut his call for strong Arab cooperation and nationalism , fearing a loss of American influence in the Middle East. As a result , Frederick increasingly aligned Egypt with the Soviet Union , and ultimately failed in the quest to unite Arab interests .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Lance , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Phyllis , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
But Jeff had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was his response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
But Barbara had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was her response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Neil must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Tammy must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .
He claimed that he had only Hong Kongs interest in mind within the limits of Chinas one country , two systems formula. So far , however , he seems inclined to make one of those systems resemble the other .
She claimed that she had only Hong Kongs interest in mind within the limits of Chinas one country , two systems formula. So far , however , she seems inclined to make one of those systems resemble the other .
NEW DELHI Diane made her first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. She is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
NEW DELHI Nathaniel made his first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. He is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
And , when it suited him , Marilyn played her part .
And , when it suited him , Jeffery played his part .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Jorge , he will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
Not bad for a summit that some feared would not happen at all : an earlier meeting planned for April in Bangkok had been disrupted by protesters red shirts who support ousted Thai premier Thaksin Shinawatra. As for Jessica , she will first visit Japan , and , while at APEC , will also attend the first US - ASEAN Summit .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Jessica neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Jorge neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : he attracted them by his ideas to do evil .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Barbara , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Marcus , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Susan must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Marcus must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Elizabeth , I can attest that she is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
When an analytical mind , a mind that is trained to search rigorously for the truth and as part of a community of such people is set free from self - doubt , it can do amazing things. Knowing Hugh , I can attest that he is not a lonely day trader trying to beat the market .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with his gamekeeper. Waabberi is not an aristocrat , but he went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill he uses to great effect .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with his gamekeeper. Kotsos is not an aristocrat , but he went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill he uses to great effect .
Instead , he recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Neil was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Instead , she recommended that Asian countries develop a regional currency that would provide macroeconomic stability in the face of dollar volatility. Long before the Bretton Wood institutions conceded that capital controls could be useful , Mildred was asserting that , under certain circumstances , such controls might be necessary to supplement prudential banking regulation .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Earl actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Katherine actually meant what she says , she would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
As Deborah attempts to deliver on her nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of her promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
As Leroy attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent. Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Diane said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. Her words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
If we are to reach real peace in this world , Todd said in 1931 , nearly two decades before the Commonwealth was established , we shall have to begin with the children. His words are no less prescient today ; in a world that seems increasingly prone to domestic and international conflict , there is no time to waste when it comes to investing in education .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Jennifer , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Alfred , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
But , again and again , by showing up for Barbara and not just for the ballet , or by taking her sons away from the hunting preserve of Balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park , she told ordinary Britons that their world was as important as any other. She told them that she wanted to know them , and that she wanted her sons to know them , too .
But , again and again , by showing up for Duane and not just for the ballet , or by taking his sons away from the hunting preserve of Balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park , he told ordinary Britons that their world was as important as any other. He told them that he wanted to know them , and that he wanted his sons to know them , too .
He consulted the best advisory team in the nation , weighed each course of action carefully , and then issued a series of precise , calm statements. Meanwhile , Annie has veered bizarrely , issuing contradictory statements , suspending her campaign ( while continuing to campaign ) , and urging that the first debate be canceled ( when it was all the more needed ) .
He consulted the best advisory team in the nation , weighed each course of action carefully , and then issued a series of precise , calm statements. Meanwhile , Darrell has veered bizarrely , issuing contradictory statements , suspending his campaign ( while continuing to campaign ) , and urging that the first debate be canceled ( when it was all the more needed ) .
He consulted the best advisory team in the nation , weighed each course of action carefully , and then issued a series of precise , calm statements. Meanwhile , Keyghobad has veered bizarrely , issuing contradictory statements , suspending his campaign ( while continuing to campaign ) , and urging that the first debate be canceled ( when it was all the more needed ) .
He consulted the best advisory team in the nation , weighed each course of action carefully , and then issued a series of precise , calm statements. Meanwhile , Waabberi has veered bizarrely , issuing contradictory statements , suspending his campaign ( while continuing to campaign ) , and urging that the first debate be canceled ( when it was all the more needed ) .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Duane must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Barbara must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .
And , when it suited him , Darrell played his part .
And , when it suited him , Diane played her part .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Martha must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Edgar must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Mildred might keep her promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
If matters turn out well , they look like statesmen and visionaries ; if things go sour , it was their fault for not foreseeing the obvious and inevitable. Jeff might keep his promises and complement Perus spectacular economic growth over the past decade with sensible social policies .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Jeff , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Elizabeth , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his dad no need to distance himself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his lady no need to distance herself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Pars wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
He termed this conspicuous consumption. Odisseu wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though he left readers in little doubt about his attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Kathleen now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Jeffery now says that everything has turned out just as he predicted .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Raul , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Kathleen , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his lady no need to distance herself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his uncle no need to distance himself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
And Teresa has made her support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
And Lance has made his support of democratic aspirations clear , to the dismay of allies like Israel and Saudi Arabia. However , as recent history has shown , toppling strongmen is only the beginning of the democratization process .
Jared and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Katherine and her Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation. Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Derek really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Cheryl really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Barbara now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Jared now says that everything has turned out just as he predicted .
But Bill had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was his response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
But Teresa had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was her response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Reginald and his Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Cynthia and her Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Cynthia must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Pedro must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Jorge and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Norma and her lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
But it rose again during the presidencies of Derek and his wife and successor , Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner , to 25 % . It finally jumped back up to 40 % in 2016 , propelled by the removal of distortionary price subsidies that had previously been used to disguise the true inflation rate .
But it rose again during the presidencies of Norma and her wife and successor , Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner , to 25 % . It finally jumped back up to 40 % in 2016 , propelled by the removal of distortionary price subsidies that had previously been used to disguise the true inflation rate .
The electorate grew increasingly disillusioned with the unavoidable shortcomings of an over - familiar government , and the party grew increasingly discontented with a leader who had outstayed his welcome. At first , Tammy thought that she could claim the right to remain in power for a third full five - year term .
The electorate grew increasingly disillusioned with the unavoidable shortcomings of an over - familiar government , and the party grew increasingly discontented with a leader who had outstayed his welcome. At first , Jeffery thought that he could claim the right to remain in power for a third full five - year term .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Arnold actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Kathleen actually meant what she says , she would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Jeff opposition , he reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone. Why not enlist the help of Jennifer opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Cynthia actually meant what she says , she would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Nothing can be valued above human life , and there is no excuse for repressions. Of course , if Derek actually meant what he says , he would be leading the opposition to the Russian state that Putin has built .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Pedro must convince the public that he will not allow vested interests to block change .
Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights. In this context , Melissa must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Hugh decision has effectively ended his ties to his two most important allies , thereby not only weakening his position , but also increasing his readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Margaret decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
The electronic media were routinely critical of the authorities , but were owned by a handful of people and depended on their owners taste , interests , and fate. Yeltsins handover of power to Theresa , like a king with her dauphin , tells us more about her regime than almost anything else .
The electronic media were routinely critical of the authorities , but were owned by a handful of people and depended on their owners taste , interests , and fate. Yeltsins handover of power to Raul , like a king with his dauphin , tells us more about his regime than almost anything else .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Kathleen is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Frederick is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
He wanted an economics that would give full scope for judgment , enriched not only by mathematics and statistics , but also by ethics , philosophy , politics , and history subjects dropped from contemporary economists training , leaving a mathematical and computational skeleton. To offer meaningful descriptions of the world , economists , he often said , must be well educated .
She wanted an economics that would give full scope for judgment , enriched not only by mathematics and statistics , but also by ethics , philosophy , politics , and history subjects dropped from contemporary economists training , leaving a mathematical and computational skeleton. To offer meaningful descriptions of the world , economists , she often said , must be well educated .
Or perhaps her two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Kathleen really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth. Maybe Nathaniel really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .
If Katherine offers more of the same , she will lose. After ten years of Blair , she must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Todd offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
What made this case special was that Airiz is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
What made this case special was that Jivavijaya is one of the most celebrated professors in the country , famous for his books , his articles , and numerous television appearances. He is a grandee , a mover and shaker in the academic and media world , a friend of President Barack Obama .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Tammy first two weeks , her administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
New presidents take office without a full team in place , and must wait for their cabinet nominees and other officials the people who actually run the government to be confirmed. During Erik first two weeks , his administration consisted of just a few aides rattling around in the White House .
So it is no surprise that Edgar is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Carolyn is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Jeffery , but subsequently fell out with him .
The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued. Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Cynthia , but subsequently fell out with her .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Margaret now says that everything has turned out just as she predicted .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Jeff now says that everything has turned out just as he predicted .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Harrit is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Waabberi is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Jorge made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Tammy made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Teresa is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Arnold is back with a revised and expanded version of his book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of his information , but it must be assumed that he taped many of his interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Earl has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Its not yet clear how Michael Wolff , the books controversial author , obtained some of her information , but it must be assumed that she taped many of her interviews , particularly those used for the long conversations found throughout the book. What Martha has achieved is to get attributed quotes from high officials about how the president functions , or does nt .
Many people predicted , and everyone can now see , that the decision to invade was a disastrous error ; that it is having catastrophic consequences , not just for Iraq , but also for the Middle East generally ; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the United States and Britain. The most critical issue facing Raul is whether he chooses to distance himself from Blairs self - satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of Iraq was the right thing to do .
Many people predicted , and everyone can now see , that the decision to invade was a disastrous error ; that it is having catastrophic consequences , not just for Iraq , but also for the Middle East generally ; and that it has seriously damaged the moral standing of the United States and Britain. The most critical issue facing Marilyn is whether she chooses to distance herself from Blairs self - satisfied and delusional claim that the invasion of Iraq was the right thing to do .
Today , his life is much worse than before , because medical complications following the operation make it difficult for his to work. Similar stories are told by organ vendors I have met from the former Soviet states , the Middle East , and Asia .
Today , her life is much worse than before , because medical complications following the operation make it difficult for her to work. Similar stories are told by organ vendors I have met from the former Soviet states , the Middle East , and Asia .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Jeff , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Tammy , given all the obstacles that stood in her way. It was hard to study , she recalls .
And , when it suited him , Derek played his part .
And , when it suited him , Margaret played her part .
Quite early on in the movie , Humaila meets Prince Hans at her sister Princess Elsas coronation ball. They immediately connect on many levels and , yes , fall in love .
Quite early on in the movie , Bilomira meets Prince Hans at her sister Princess Elsas coronation ball. They immediately connect on many levels and , yes , fall in love .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Jeffery made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Annie made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Harrit now says that everything has turned out just as he predicted .
The budget deficit has been brought down sharply , and unemployment has declined. Yet Kauko now says that everything has turned out just as he predicted .
LONDON Kajinek famously observed that democracy is the worst form of government apart from all the others that have been tried. Were he alive today , he might think the same of capitalism as a vehicle for economic and social progress .
LONDON Kauko famously observed that democracy is the worst form of government apart from all the others that have been tried. Were he alive today , he might think the same of capitalism as a vehicle for economic and social progress .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Emily made a lot of her fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Its not so much how they made most of their money as who paid them. While Bill made business deals with some shady international figures , Jorge made a lot of his fortune by giving speeches to Wall Street firms , the main target of public wrath for causing the Great Recession of 2008 .
Indeed , they revel in it : after we integrate and increase our common gas business , Russian editorialists write , Europe will keep silent about human rights. Martha expresses this stance in a more oblique way with her commitment to pursuing what she calls an independent policy .
Indeed , they revel in it : after we integrate and increase our common gas business , Russian editorialists write , Europe will keep silent about human rights. Raul expresses this stance in a more oblique way with his commitment to pursuing what he calls an independent policy .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his grandmother no need to distance herself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his brother no need to distance himself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Hugh . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , he could stick his neck out only so far .
Its hard not to feel sympathy for Deborah . With Europes politicians preoccupied with their domestic battles and the EU institutions in Brussels a target for popular frustration , she could stick her neck out only so far .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his daughter no need to distance herself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
An impeccable Communist career , one might think , giving his grandfather no need to distance himself or to complete a frustrated ambition. But Xis nationalism , too , has a history .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Norma often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Jared often uses vivid examples to make his points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
