[[['Darrell , with his 1930s - style pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself . Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .', 'Darrell , with his 1930s - styled pudding - bowl haircut ( cultivated , it is claimed , to make him resemble his grandfather , Kim Il - sung , the regimes founder ) , his antiquated Mao suit , and his short , plump body , is almost like a cartoon character himself . Officially regarded as an omnipotent genius , he is worshipped like a god and shown constantly surrounded by people , including his highest military officers festooned in medals , laughing or clapping , or shouting hysterically .'], '1'], [['Israeli hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Neil will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern . They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .', 'These hardliners can not be sure that , at the end of the day , Neil will not find it necessary to change policies toward Israel in order to achieve this objective , for he considers it to be a strategic concern . They also know , of course , that any serious engagement with the Palestinian question must imply engaging Hamas in the search for a two - state solution .'], '0'], [['Similarly , Eldridge denounced the Nuremberg Trials , despite his hatred of the Nazis , to defend the fundamental US legal principle that a person could not be criminally charged on the basis of a retroactive statute . Webster and Taft , like the six others that Kennedy examined , risked political and reputational ruin to take difficult decisions , because they believed themselves to be defending the best interests of their country .', 'Further , Eldridge denounced the Nuremberg Trials , despite his hatred of the Nazis , to defend the fundamental US legal principle that a person could not be criminally charged on the basis of a retroactive statute . Webster and Taft , like the six others that Kennedy examined , risked political and reputational ruin to take difficult decisions , because they believed themselves to be defending the best interests of their country .'], '1'], [['Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Dorothy as a champion of Great Russia . After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West her approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .', 'Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Dorothy as a champion of Great Russia . After Russia occupied Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West her approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .'], '1'], [['They gathered momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone . Why not enlist the help of Melissa opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?', 'They gained momentum after a summer of labor strikes , when Polands communist chief , General Wojciech Jaruzelski , concluded that the countrys economic troubles were too grim to face alone . Why not enlist the help of Melissa opposition , she reasoned , if not to solve the problems , then at least to share the blame for them ?'], '1'], [['Emily lacks a strategy for Russias long - term recovery and reacts opportunistically albeit sometimes successfully in the short run to domestic insecurity , perceived external threats , and the weakness of her neighbors . Russia has thus become a revisionist spoiler of the international status quo one that seeks to be a catalyst for other revisionist powers .', 'Emily lacks a strategy for Russias long - term recovery and reacts opportunistically albeit sometimes successfully in the short run to domestic insecurity , perceived external threats , and the weakness of her neighbors . Russia has therefore become a revisionist spoiler of the international status quo one that seeks to be a catalyst for other revisionist powers .'], '1'], [['It might have convinced Todd to give up his chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that his murderous regime would retain control . Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Todd remains on the throne .', 'Syria might have convinced Todd to give up his chemical weapons , but Russias threat to veto any muscular Security Council resolution against Syria guaranteed that his murderous regime would retain control . Even if a Geneva II meeting on Syria is convened in January , Russia will ensure that Todd remains on the throne .'], '0'], [['Only now has Jerome met an enemy that he can not outmaneuver .', 'Only now has Jerome met an opponent that he can not outmaneuver .'], '1'], [['But , as Diane has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl . Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Diane , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .', 'However , as Diane has concentrated power in her own hands , she has silenced Gl . Likewise , former Prime Minister and AKP leader Ahmet Davutolu long supported Diane , until deepening disagreements at times rooted in Erdoans contempt for the very position of the prime minister forced Davutolu to step down last year .'], '1'], [['After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Teresa performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship . But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .', 'As France barely survived the tournaments first round , Teresa performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship . But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .'], '1'], [['The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation . The goal would be to ease Norma out of power and establish a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of her Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .', 'The second track is a political process in which the US and other governments remain open to Russian ( and even Iranian ) participation . The goal would be to ease Norma out of power and create a successor government that , at a minimum , enjoyed the support of her Alawite base and , ideally , some Sunnis .'], '1'], [['The decision is consistent with the way Erik has governed since his election in 2007 . Whether he is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean countries , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Erik is nothing if not ambitious .', 'The decision is consistent with the way Erik has governed since his election in 2007 . Whether he is seeking to reform Frances judicial system , redrawing its administrative map , proposing a new alliance of Mediterranean nations , or seeming to end Frances ambiguous foreign policy of being both aligned and not aligned with the United States , Erik is nothing if not ambitious .'], '1'], [['NEW YORK If Erik were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development . In fact , the United Nations Rio + 20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .', 'NEW YORK If Erik were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development . In fact , the United Nations Rio + 20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental problems , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .'], '1'], [['Although Terrance brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments . For Terrance , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .', 'While Terrance brilliantly captured the inherent dynamism of entrepreneur - led capitalism , his modern real successors smothered his insights in their obsession with equilibrium and instant adjustments . For Terrance , there was something both noble and tragic about the spirit of capitalism .'], '1'], [['Of course , Jeff could just attempt to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done . Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .', 'Of course , Jeff could just try to fill the role symbolically and do little or nothing , as some of his predecessors have done . Or , less likely , he could embrace some megalomaniacal and over - reaching vision of government intervention , as others have tried .'], '1'], [['I handed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter . Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Jonathan was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .', 'I passed the finished project to McNamara , who thanked me , but said nothing further about the matter , either then or at any time thereafter . Fifteen years later , in 1982 , when Jonathan was researching his book about the war , A Bright and Shining Lie , he came across documents concerning my Pentagon - assisted manuscript .'], '1'], [['Humbug ! said Alfred . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Alfred was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .', 'Humbug ! said Alfred . But Charles Dickenss point said precisely that Alfred was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .'], '1'], [['It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industry ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services . This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Marcus and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .', 'It calls for monetary financing of fiscal deficits ( now called peoples quantitative easing ) , nationalization of industries ( beginning with the railroads ) , and an end to competition and the private provision of public services . This is the stuff that former Prime Minister Marcus and his supporters thought wrongly , it seems they had consigned to the dustbin of history .'], '1'], [['So it is no surprise that Deborah is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis . But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .', 'So it is no surprise that Deborah is attempting to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis . But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .'], '1'], [['There Kauko was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass . His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .', 'Colonel Kauko was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass . His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .'], '0'], [['His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in exchange for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation . A sick husband whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .', 'His abysmal human rights record remains , but the flamboyant Guide of the Revolution ceased flirting with weapons of mass destruction and global terrorism in return for the end of sanctions and international rehabilitation . A sick husband whose rule at home is being challenged by Islamist opponents , he decided that international ostracism and domestic troubles is too explosive a combination for his son , a spoiled playboy , to handle .'], '1'], [['She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications . Deborah has established a foundation whose main purpose is to raise standards of governance in Africa .', 'She built a business empire on technology , software , and mobile telecommunications . Deborah has established a foundation whose main mission is to raise standards of governance in Africa .'], '1'], [['Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policy went wrong . When Terrance was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .', 'Looking back it is easy to see where Israeli policies went wrong . When Terrance was elected president of the Palestinian Authority , Israel should have gone out of its way to strengthen him and his reformist team .'], '1'], [['Around the time when Indias prohibition of sodomy was enacted , Terrance was writing his celebrated essay On Liberty , in which he put forward the following principle :', 'Around the time when Indias prohibition of sodomy was enacted , Terrance was writing his celebrated essay On Liberty , in which he put forth the following principle :'], '1'], [['Darrell and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which consumed more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation . Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .', 'Darrell and his Fatah - based supporters established almost a dozen competing security services sometimes indistinguishable from clan - based militias which occupied more than 60 % the Palestinian Authoritys budget , at the expense of education , housing , welfare , and refugee rehabilitation . Into this vacuum burst Hamas , with its network of schools , welfare services , community centers , and support organizations .'], '1'], [['At first glance , this looks like a classic case of a large country bullying a small country into submission . As Frederick put it in his history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .', 'At first glance , this looks like a classic instance of a large country bullying a small country into submission . As Frederick put it in his history of the Peloponnesian War , The strong do as they will and the weak suffer what they must .'], '1'], [['In many ways , Dorothy personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .', 'In many ways , Dorothy personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( particularly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .'], '1'], [['It is not the critic who counts , Jennifer said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she delivered at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910 . The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Jennifer continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .', 'It is not the critic who counts , Jennifer said in the speech Citizenship in a Republic , which she presented at the Sorbonne in Paris in April 1910 . The credit belongs to the man in the arena , Jennifer continued , who spends herself in a worthy cause , and who at the worst , if she fails , at least fails while daring greatly , so that her place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat .'], '1'], [['Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wants to restrict such rights . In this context , Martha must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .', 'Xis agenda offers only vague promises of increased property rights for farmers , while recent government pronouncements indicate that the bureaucracy wishes to restrict such rights . In this context , Martha must convince the public that she will not allow vested interests to block change .'], '1'], [['The younger father , Chime Namgyal , 38 , who is disabled , has been hospitalized since June 11 for serious injuries received whilst in custody . He did not even receive a trial , but was given a 21 - month sentence by local officials for the same offense as Rinchen endangering state security by unofficially organizing litter - collection , tree - planting , and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species .', 'The younger father , Chime Namgyal , 38 , who is disabled , has been hospitalized since June 11 for serious injuries suffered whilst in custody . He did not even receive a trial , but was given a 21 - month sentence by local officials for the same offense as Rinchen endangering state security by unofficially organizing litter - collection , tree - planting , and nature patrols to stop the hunting of endangered species .'], '1'], [['Reginald can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon . In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .', 'Reginald can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon . In other words , FIFA has implemented an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .'], '1'], [['Erik is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy he can get including from the two civilian political leaders he exiled . His most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two largest democratic parties .', 'Erik is now desperate to beg , steal , or borrow any political legitimacy he can get including from the two civilian political leaders he exiled . His most ambitious strategy has been to try to form a partnership with Benazir Bhutto , the head of one of the two leading democratic parties .'], '1'], [['Jeffery related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran . A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab . com .', 'Jeffery described his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran . A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab . com .'], '1'], [['When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Phyllis , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , ` ` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not . ` ` It is as simple as that .', 'When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Phyllis , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , ` ` She was impertinent , and that is a bad thing ; she was offensive , and that is not . ` ` It is as simple as that .'], '1'], [['Of course , when Derek arrives in Beijing , he must continue to strengthen cooperation with China . On the economic crisis , climate change , and many other global issues , China and the US are potentially the decisive actors .', 'Of course , when Derek arrives in Beijing , he must continue to strengthen cooperation with China . On the economic crisis , climate change , and many other global topics , China and the US are potentially the decisive actors .'], '1'], [['Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline . Edgar presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalries , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through his hands .', 'Over the decades , the movement has developed a political culture of indiscipline . Edgar presided over a sort of anarchy , encouraging rivalry , undermining other potential leaders , and ensuring that all authority ( and money ) ran through his hands .'], '1'], [['One of the lessons of the Zachary debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership . The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his involvement in the Iraq War .', 'One of the lessons of the Zachary debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership . The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his role in the Iraq War .'], '1'], [['Iran then helped broker a ceasefire that was highly favorable to Annie , and cemented her commanding position inside the Iraqi coalition government . No doubt Malikis hard - line stance on the need for a firm timetable for the withdrawal of US troops was critical to Irans decision to throw its weight behind him .', 'Iran then helped broker a ceasefire that was highly favorable to Annie , and cemented her commanding position inside the Iraqi coalition government . No doubt Malikis hard - line stance on the need for a firm timetable for the withdrawal of US forces was critical to Irans decision to throw its weight behind him .'], '1'], [['But as Marilyn recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , she hurriedly applied her trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible . When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Marilyn had kept her eyes on the prize .', 'and as Marilyn recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , she hurriedly applied her trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible . When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Marilyn had kept her eyes on the prize .'], '1'], [['Jorge established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing anyone who dared to suggest otherwise . Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Jorge was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .', 'Jorge established a high - minded committee to establish that nepotism was not the reason , and then set about suing everyone who dared to suggest otherwise . Yet this abhorrence of nepotism was illogical and Jorge was generally nothing if not logical , even ruthlessly so because in this case a perfectly good justification for it followed smoothly from his own analysis of Singapore .'], '1'], [['SYDNEY Thirty years ago , a colleague of mine in the British government who had ministerial responsibilities in Africa and Asia hung the world map in his office upside down . Placing what was then called the Third World at the top , he claimed , improved his understanding of those countries problems and perspectives .', 'SYDNEY Twenty years ago , a colleague of mine in the British government who had ministerial responsibilities in Africa and Asia hung the world map in his office upside down . Placing what was then called the Third World at the top , he claimed , improved his understanding of those countries problems and perspectives .'], '1'], [['With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Pamela reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party . Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .', 'With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Pamela reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in her own party . Governor Sarah Palin walked onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .'], '1'], [['There was no mention of Hugh and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition . While it is easy to get caught up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .', 'There was no mention of Hugh and what his dismissal meant for Chinas domestic politics in this critical year of leadership transition . While it is easy to get swept up in the swirling tales of palace intrigue that have followed , I suspect that Bos removal holds a far deeper meaning .'], '1'], [['The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued . Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Julie , but subsequently fell out with her .', 'The underworld manners of both go hand in hand with that lively interest in business which is so essential if liberal reforms in Russia are to be continued . Finally , there is the additional , highly significant coincidence that both men , at the start of their political careers , were largely dependent on the oligarch Julie , but afterwards fell out with her .'], '1'], [['Earl will also have more flexibility than his conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreas nuclear and missile activities . But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Earl will have to refuse .', 'Earl will also have more flexibility than his conservative predecessors to accommodate a US - led Iran - style deal aimed at freezing North Koreans nuclear and missile activities . But if US President Donald Trump tries to make South Korea pay for Americas recently deployed Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) anti - missile system , Earl will have to refuse .'], '1'], [['Yet , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Pamela disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration . Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .', 'however , despite his frequent rallies , or perhaps because of them and their incendiary vulgarity , Pamela disapproval rating has exceeded her approval rating since the earliest days of her administration . Her current overall disapproval rating is 54 % , versus 40 % approval , with strong approval from around 25 % of the public .'], '1'], [['At the bottom of the frame , the hand of another daddy , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .', 'Near the bottom of the frame , the hand of another daddy , wearing what appears to be a white button - down shirt , reaches up , apparently having let go of his pen in order to try to grab onto something , to save himself . The caption reads , The disappearance of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi .'], '1'], [['The Terrance administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia . At a time when China was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength , Terrance seemed committed to containing its rise as best he could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .', 'The Terrance administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia . At a time when China was quickly accumulating both economic and military strength , Terrance seemed committed to containing its rise as best he could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .'], '1'], [['Indeed , Oliviu was fearless , and sought not his personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that he introduced to Russia . Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .', 'Furthermore , Oliviu was fearless , and sought not his personal survival , but the survival of the democratic idea that he introduced to Russia . Yet that idea is now under threat because of the successor we chose .'], '1'], [['Susan and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law . Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .', 'Susan and there are many more like her are a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law . Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .'], '1'], [['Thus , Derek has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors . He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .', 'Indeed , Derek has demoted prominent politicians back when they attained sufficient influence to be considered potential successors . He is apparently concerned that one of them could imitate a coup like the one he led in 1987 that toppled Habib Bourguiba .'], '1'], [['And there is only so far Francis is likely to go . A self - described obedient grandmother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .', 'And there is only so far Francis appears likely to go . A self - described obedient grandmother of the church , she is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .'], '1'], [['Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind . While praising the virtues of the free market , Neil has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .', 'Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind . While praising the virtues of the free market , Neil has been only too willing to make huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .'], '1'], [['The idea that American troops will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible . This means that Deborah has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .', 'The idea that American forces will stay in Iraq indefinitely or even just as long as necessary and not one day more , in the clichd language of Donald Rumsfeld is implausible . This means that Deborah has only a relatively short time to achieve her goals in Iraq .'], '1'], [['And , when it suited him , Marilyn played her part .', 'And , when it suited him , Marilyn had her part .'], '1'], [['This was the same Kathy who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it . Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .', 'That was the same Kathy who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it . Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .'], '1'], [['Consider unemployment , which in September stood at 10 . 5 % , compared to only 5 % in Germany . In the interview , Tammy acknowledged that , despite her pledge , a reversal of the negative employment trend did nt happen this year .', 'in unemployment , which in September stood at 10 . 5 % , compared to only 5 % in Germany . In the interview , Tammy acknowledged that , despite her pledge , a reversal of the negative employment trend did nt happen this year .'], '1'], [['Despite Katherine ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of her deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism she has retained a devoted following in the US . Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccinations .', 'Despite Katherine ostracism from the medical community and the exposure of her deceptions not to mention numerous scientific studies that did not find any link whatsoever between vaccines and autism she has retained a devoted following in the US . Making matters worse , irresponsible and ignorant celebrities have seized upon his lies , using their access to the media to spread conspiracy theories and propaganda against vaccination .'], '1'], [['Order and stability , even in the absence of constitutional rights , is what makes countries like Libya and Tunisia legitimate in the eyes of the international community . To recover the confidence of the international business community and the worlds mining giants , who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in Congo , Mongolia and Guinea , Pars was also wise to retreat from his threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions .', 'Democracy and stability , even in the absence of constitutional rights , is what makes countries like Libya and Tunisia legitimate in the eyes of the international community . To recover the confidence of the international business community and the worlds mining giants , who were enraged in recent years by forced renegotiations of existing deals by governments in Congo , Mongolia and Guinea , Pars was also wise to retreat from his threat to renegotiate existing mining concessions .'], '1'], [['To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Cynthia has consistently replied that what she called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests . In her more petulant moments , she has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .', 'To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Cynthia has consistently replied that what she called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests . In her more petulant moments , she has asked why so many of those who saw little harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .'], '1'], [['Annie thinks that her stunts are essential to governance . She has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .', 'Annie feels that her stunts are essential to governance . She has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .'], '1'], [['She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality . Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB years , Cheryl constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .', 'She may instead be remembered as a new Nicholas I ( whose portrait hangs in her office ) : an ultra - conservative czar who was in power too long and lost touch with reality . Combining nationalism , orthodoxy , and the mental habits of her KGB days , Cheryl constitutes an explosive mixture that must be handled with care , but above all with firmness .'], '1'], [['Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Elizabeth often uses vivid examples to make her points . Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .', 'the sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Elizabeth often uses vivid examples to make her points . Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .'], '1'], [['Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Diane has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together . She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .', 'Furthermore , for fear of alienating Germans , Diane has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together . She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .'], '1'], [['This is easier said than done . At the very outset of industrialization , Melissa struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize her steam engine until she formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .', 'That is easier said than done . At the very outset of industrialization , Melissa struggled financially and did not successfully commercialize her steam engine until she formed a partnership with the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton .'], '1'], [['Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Orlov were imprisoned . Jeff was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where he continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .', 'Members of the group including its chair , physicist Yuri Filov were imprisoned . Jeff was given the choice of prison or exile , and chose exile in the United States , where he continued to play an important role in defending human rights in the Soviet Union .'], '1'], [['NEW YORK If Pamela were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development . In fact , the United Nations Rio + 20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .', 'NEW YORK If Pamela were alive today , she would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical ways in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development . In fact , the United Nations Rio + 20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .'], '1'], [['Though well connected to the military and security community , Julie was clearly considered an outsider . Indeed , she was not a political figure until now , serving in the military during the Islamic Republics first decade and spending the last two mostly in the Supreme National Security Council .', 'While well connected to the military and security community , Julie was clearly considered an outsider . Indeed , she was not a political figure until now , serving in the military during the Islamic Republics first decade and spending the last two mostly in the Supreme National Security Council .'], '1'], [['And there is only so far Francis is likely to go . A self - described obedient boy of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to matters like sexuality and womens ordination .', 'And there is only so far Francis is likely to go . A self - described obedient boy of the church , he is unlikely to surprise the faithful when it comes to issues like sexuality and womens ordination .'], '1'], [['With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Marcus reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party . Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .', 'With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Marcus reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party . Governor Sarah Palin walked onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .'], '1'], [['Both France and America have a key role to play in addressing these issues effectively . Cynthia trip to Washington , and her address to a receptive US Congress , was one more step toward ensuring that they do so together .', 'Today France and America have a key role to play in addressing these issues effectively . Cynthia trip to Washington , and her address to a receptive US Congress , was one more step toward ensuring that they do so together .'], '1'], [['The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause . This may sound very basic , but , as Melissa obsession with her relatively small inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .', 'The sheer mass of citizens who were willing to come out often at the risk of physical harm lent credence to the cause . This may sound very basic , but , as Melissa obsession with her relatively tiny inauguration crowd shows , size still matters .'], '1'], [['Barbara can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon . In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .', 'Barbara can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon . In other words , FIFA has implemented an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .'], '1'], [['NEW DELHI Diane made her first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser . She is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .', 'NEW DELHI Diane made her first fortune creating the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser . She is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .'], '1'], [['In Elizabeth novel , Goh , a village headman who lives atop a hill in her village , notices an approaching tsunami wave when she sees seawater being drawn out rapidly from the shore . In order to warn her fellow villagers , who are busy with festival preparations , Elizabeth uses a torch to set fire to her recently cut sheaves of rice .', 'In Elizabeth novel , Goh , a village headman who lives atop a hill in her village , notices an approaching tsunami wave when she sees seawater being drawn out rapidly from the shore . In order to warn her fellow villagers , who are busy with festival preparations , Elizabeth uses a torch to set fire to her recently cut loaves of rice .'], '1'], [['With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Marcus reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalists in his own party . Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .', 'With his campaign apparently dead in the water , Marcus reached out all right to the right - wing fundamentalist in his own party . Governor Sarah Palin strode onto the national stage , rhetorical guns blazing .'], '1'], [['It would not have been easy for Derek to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office . But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .', 'It would not have been easy for Derek to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he entered office . But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .'], '1'], [['Rebecca , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state . When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .', 'Rebecca , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state . When asked why she will run again , she answered in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .'], '1'], [['Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Dorothy as a champion of Great Russia . After Russia invaded Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West her approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .', 'Though none of this helped Russians economically , much less expanded their freedoms , it established Dorothy as a champion of Great Russia . After Russia occupied Ukraine and annexed Crimea in March 2014 unapologetically defying the West her approval rating reached a dizzyingly high 87 % .'], '1'], [['It was Tyndall who then put Frederick ideas to the test in his laboratory . He proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .', 'It was Tyndall who then put Frederick ideas to the test in his laboratory . He discovered that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .'], '1'], [['Together with Wasa , Marilyn was a founder of Polish independence . Her place in the history books is guaranteed .', 'Together with Wasa , Marilyn was a founder of Polish independence . Her position in the history books is guaranteed .'], '1'], [['The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment . Todd , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .', 'The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for instance , are among those who actually receive treatment . Todd , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .'], '1'], [['Moreover , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Carolyn is one of her only allies within the EU . In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against her on issues relating to eurozone reform .', 'Unfortunately , he himself will have to tread carefully , because Carolyn is one of her only allies within the EU . In addition to the Visegrd countries , the Baltic states , Scandinavia , and the Netherlands are all more or less aligned against her on issues relating to eurozone reform .'], '1'], [['GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp . As Alfred begins his first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .', 'BLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp . As Alfred begins his first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .'], '1'], [['Some ten million Filipinos one - quarter of the workforce are compelled to seek employment overseas , owing to inadequate opportunities at home . If the Philippines is to attract enough investment to achieve living standards comparable to Malaysia and Thailand , Jennifer must remain persistent in her efforts to open the economy and curtail corruption .', 'Around ten million Filipinos one - quarter of the workforce are compelled to seek employment overseas , owing to inadequate opportunities at home . If the Philippines is to attract enough investment to achieve living standards comparable to Malaysia and Thailand , Jennifer must remain persistent in her efforts to open the economy and curtail corruption .'], '1'], [['The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Emily mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US . I know because I spoke with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .', 'The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Emily mind as she engineered her familys departure for the US . I know because I talked with her while she was in a hospital , negotiating her release .'], '1'], [['Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments . Mildred most likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .', 'Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments . Mildred quite likely understands this , just as she realizes that the importance of her countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .'], '1'], [['His shot flew into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship . This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Diane did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .', 'His shot sailed into the treetops , even as three bullets entered the bears heart from the snipers who guaranteed the dictators marksmanship . This day , I was told by a forester who claimed to have witnessed the incident , Diane did not acknowledge the applause of her retainers .'], '1'], [['Does he respond promptly to Teresa , but ignore Jonathan ?', 'Does he answer promptly to Teresa , but ignore Jonathan ?'], '1'], [['Camilla Toulmin , who directs the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Rebecca gave in June . She asked her what she thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .', 'Camilla Toulmin , who heads the International Institute for Environment and Development , a London - based NGO , was present at a lecture on climate change that Rebecca gave in June . She asked her what she thought about compensation for those who are hit hardest by climate change , but who have done the least to cause it .'], '1'], [['Martha and her cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere . This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the short term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Martha and her cronies down the line .', 'Martha and her cohorts are encouraged by the worlds failure to respond effectively to their brutal suppression of the revolt in Homs , and have proceeded to inflict vicious punishment on its survivors as a warning to opponents elsewhere . This may cow some of Syrias civilian population in the long term , but it will serve only to exacerbate popular rage , and thus to increase the prospect of a bloody reckoning with Martha and her cronies down the line .'], '1'], [['OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Dorothy following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes . There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .', 'NEXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Dorothy following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes . There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .'], '0'], [['Undeterred by adversity , Rebecca kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity . She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .', 'Undeterred by adversity , Rebecca continued pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by her talents and creativity . She was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .'], '1'], [['Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments . Derek most likely understands this , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .', 'Even so , a military alliance without exercises is like an orchestra without instruments . Derek most likely understands that , just as he realizes that the importance of his countrys relationship with the US , despite its headaches and complexities , dwarfs that of any of its other partnerships around the world .'], '1'], [['Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Mildred run , while keeping her off national television . And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Mildred to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10 , 000 people in 100 cities .', 'Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Mildred run , while keeping her off national TV . And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Mildred to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10 , 000 people in 100 cities .'], '1'], [['Together with Wasa , Pamela was a founder of Polish independence . Her place in the history books is guaranteed .', 'Together with Wasa , Pamela was a founder of Polish independence . Her position in the history books is guaranteed .'], '1'], [['MANILA In 1980 , my lady arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigors of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos . The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .', 'MANILA In 1980 , my lady arrived in the United States to undergo a heart bypass , due to the rigours of her imprisonment by the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos . The dictatorship offered her a reprieve , but , true to its nature , one dependent on its whims .'], '1'], [['As Duane attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent . Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .', 'When Duane attempts to deliver on his nearly two - and - a - half - year - old commitment , the limits of his promise like comparable assurances by the Fed and the BOJ could become glaringly apparent . Like lemmings at the cliffs edge , central banks seem steeped in denial of the risks they face .'], '1'], [['LONDON Frederick has started work on his memoirs . Count to ten before you respond .', 'LONDON Frederick has started work on his autobiography . Count to ten before you respond .'], '1'], [['I am not so convinced . These are fairly ritualistic issues , and Chinese officials are smart enough to know that , given the Chinese governments recent behavior , Terrance had little choice but to decide on them as he did .', 'I am not so convinced . These are fairly ritualistic issues , and Chinese officials are smart enough to realize that , given the Chinese governments recent behavior , Terrance had little choice but to decide on them as he did .'], '1']]