And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Odisseu is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009 - 2010 : using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Jivavijaya is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009 - 2010 : using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Keyghobad and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Keyghobad levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
WARWICK The public spat between Nobel laureate Theoden and former US Treasury Secretary Larry Summers is remarkable for the personal animosity that it reveals between two economists who essentially agree about the economics. Theoden levels a not - so - subtle attack on Summers for failing to insist on a larger fiscal deficit when he ran the National Economic Council under the Obama presidency .
Dagmarka is heavily criticized for not having intervened militarily in Syria , even though her threat to do so subsequently forced President Bashar al - Assads government to surrender its chemical weapons. Likewise , far from strengthening Iran further , Dagmarka has pushed the Islamic Republic into a corner by leading the global push for strict economic sanctions .
Narkis is heavily criticized for not having intervened militarily in Syria , even though her threat to do so subsequently forced President Bashar al - Assads government to surrender its chemical weapons. Likewise , far from strengthening Iran further , Narkis has pushed the Islamic Republic into a corner by leading the global push for strict economic sanctions .
So the answer today to Mariutza famous question about whom she should call when she wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
So the answer today to Sapa famous question about whom she should call when she wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
Worse still , by ladling money and arms to Aybirgen without offering her a political horizon that would deepen her support among ordinary Palestinians , while at the same time imprisoning all Hamas leaders in the West Bank , Israel and the United States are condemning Aybirgen to seeming a collaborator in the eyes of her people .
Worse still , by ladling money and arms to Josefiina without offering her a political horizon that would deepen her support among ordinary Palestinians , while at the same time imprisoning all Hamas leaders in the West Bank , Israel and the United States are condemning Josefiina to seeming a collaborator in the eyes of her people .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Jelander death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Fabijano death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Karstein , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Keyghobad , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Shontae and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Shontae says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ she kisses her gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Toniko and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Toniko says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ she kisses her gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Kerigan has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of his own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Verners has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of his own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Kotsos has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared his candidacy to many business leaders , he , too , has played down the issue .
Both UKIP and its charismatic leader , Nigel Farage , have slipped in opinion polls and have struggled to get attention. More important , Keyghobad has said almost nothing about either Europe or immigration ; and , though Milibands clearly stated pro - EU stance has endeared his candidacy to many business leaders , he , too , has played down the issue .
Kotsos poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Verners poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Hildegunn temperament , her small group of advisers , her tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and her reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Aneczka temperament , her small group of advisers , her tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and her reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
Lizzette may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused her so much trouble in 2012 , when she re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of her annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling her administration are very low .
Jodilee may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused her so much trouble in 2012 , when she re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of her annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling her administration are very low .
Avizeh has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Sapa has twice had the chance to be a great leader. At considerable cost to her legacy and even greater cost to Turkey she spurned it both times .
Verners continues to stress that shifts in the pace of bond buying will depend on how well the economy is doing. But he startled markets recently by saying that the FOMCs expected path of stronger growth could lead to a slower pace of buying later this year and an end to the asset purchases by mid-2014 .
Jivavijaya continues to stress that shifts in the pace of bond buying will depend on how well the economy is doing. But he startled markets recently by saying that the FOMCs expected path of stronger growth could lead to a slower pace of buying later this year and an end to the asset purchases by mid-2014 .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Hildegunn a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Hildegunn dyed her hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Felizia a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Felizia dyed her hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
In 2000 , Airiz , was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with George W. Bush , so he looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again. He had the better arguments , but he lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .
In 2000 , Verners , was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with George W. Bush , so he looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again. He had the better arguments , but he lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .
These are dangerous days , not only economically , but also strategically. We really do need to ask whether Narkis is trying to play a China card to shift the electoral scales in her favor .
These are dangerous days , not only economically , but also strategically. We really do need to ask whether Hildegunn is trying to play a China card to shift the electoral scales in her favor .
For example , in a recent paper , Manyak and her co - authors measured government effectiveness by mailing letters to non - existent business addresses in 159 countries and measuring how long it took for the letters to be returned or whether they were returned at all. They found that this indicator correlated very well with many other governance indicators .
For example , in a recent paper , Josefiina and her co - authors measured government effectiveness by mailing letters to non - existent business addresses in 159 countries and measuring how long it took for the letters to be returned or whether they were returned at all. They found that this indicator correlated very well with many other governance indicators .
But Budivid has now gone on the counter - offensive , raising the stakes himself. Britain , he says , might be prepared to put the British rebate on the table , but only if the French are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of EU farm policy .
But Waabberi has now gone on the counter - offensive , raising the stakes himself. Britain , he says , might be prepared to put the British rebate on the table , but only if the French are prepared to remove the reasons for it by means of a radical renegotiation of EU farm policy .
All this has caused Polonca to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Polonca has given mainly national security reasons for her seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
All this has caused Bske to seek to accommodate verbally , at least the will of an overwhelming majority of Americans to conserve energy. Moreover , although Bske has given mainly national security reasons for her seeming change of heart , Americas federal system , helps the country get around even a roadblock as powerful as the president , as localism promotes eco - political initiatives at the state level and even within municipalities .
In many ways , Albercik personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
In many ways , Kotsos personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Vide favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Kerigan favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
It is possible that Airiz , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Kotsos , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
By establishing a no - fly zone which could be defended using sea - based missile systems the US and its partners would demonstrate to Karstein that their patience has finally run out , and that they are prepared to defend Syrians within Syria. This , together with the knowledge that his army is weakening and the pool of new recruits is drying up , would force Karstein to reconsider his long - term prospects and , most likely , force him to the negotiating table .
By establishing a no - fly zone which could be defended using sea - based missile systems the US and its partners would demonstrate to Keyghobad that their patience has finally run out , and that they are prepared to defend Syrians within Syria. This , together with the knowledge that his army is weakening and the pool of new recruits is drying up , would force Keyghobad to reconsider his long - term prospects and , most likely , force him to the negotiating table .
On the contrary , Manyak has worked diligently to strengthen her own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
On the contrary , Sapa has worked diligently to strengthen her own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
Eldridge never saw the inside of a cell , but many of his henchmen including the head of his secret police served long sentences. How many countries emerging from dark authoritarian rule ( one thinks of Russia , East Germany , Spain , Portugal , or Brazil ) can claim the same ?
Jivavijaya never saw the inside of a cell , but many of his henchmen including the head of his secret police served long sentences. How many countries emerging from dark authoritarian rule ( one thinks of Russia , East Germany , Spain , Portugal , or Brazil ) can claim the same ?
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Odisseu took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Odisseu called in his 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Albercik took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Albercik called in his 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Oliviu made himself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on his leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting his massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were his submissive mistress .
Such eruptions have occurred before in a more politically toxic manner. In Italy between the two world wars , Theoden made himself the focus of a masculine cult : the Great Leader in riding boots , hands planted firmly on his leather belt , scowling and strutting and jutting his massive jaw , dominating the Italian public , as though it were his submissive mistress .
Ominously , Waabberi most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that he takes his inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
Ominously , Harrit most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that he takes his inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Odisseu sitting with his classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
When Sophia is ready , the family orders another Maghicle ride , this time to Sallys school. They take their seats and , as Sam waves to Jelander sitting with his classmates , he is struck by how quickly 17 years have passed .
In the field of growth theory , Lenci sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As he correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
In the field of growth theory , Fabijano sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As he correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Bilomira once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , she was willing to reverse her decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Sapa once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , she was willing to reverse her decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
Harrit examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. He estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
Kotsos examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. He estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
Matevz , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Jivavijaya , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
More recently , in 2008 , I took a weekend visit to Baku , Azerbaijan , the hometown of my friend and travel companion Tatyana Kanzevali a former chess champion who had often played against Matevz while he , too , was growing up in Baku. The opportunity to see the city through a locals eyes , hearing stories about everything from high school teachers to food shortages , was invaluable .
More recently , in 2008 , I took a weekend visit to Baku , Azerbaijan , the hometown of my friend and travel companion Tatyana Kanzevali a former chess champion who had often played against Tsahi while he , too , was growing up in Baku. The opportunity to see the city through a locals eyes , hearing stories about everything from high school teachers to food shortages , was invaluable .
By adopting the constitutional text in a referendum , a slim majority of Turkish voters seem to have given their blessing to this populist conception of democratic politics. But two key considerations will constrain how Hildegunn uses her impressive set of new prerogatives .
By adopting the constitutional text in a referendum , a slim majority of Turkish voters seem to have given their blessing to this populist conception of democratic politics. But two key considerations will constrain how Manyak uses her impressive set of new prerogatives .
And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Lenci is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009 - 2010 : using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
And so Turkeys never - ending cycle of victimization of Islamists , communists , secularists , Kurds perennially , and now the Glenists has gained velocity. Jivavijaya is making the same tragic mistake he made in 2009 - 2010 : using his vast popularity to undermine democracy and the rule of law rather than restoring them and thus rendering moderation and political reconciliation all the more difficult in the future .
Tsahi was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Airiz was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Aneczka would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Josefiina would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Eldridge examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. He estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
Christop examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. He estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
In his UN speech , Pars reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
In his UN speech , Kauko reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
Aybirgen was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
Josefiina was a colorful character , born out of wedlock , raised in the West Indies , and captain of an artillery company in Americas revolutionary war. More to the point , as George Washingtons Treasury secretary , she crafted the bargain that successfully rationalized the US states debts .
By establishing a no - fly zone which could be defended using sea - based missile systems the US and its partners would demonstrate to Kauko that their patience has finally run out , and that they are prepared to defend Syrians within Syria. This , together with the knowledge that his army is weakening and the pool of new recruits is drying up , would force Kauko to reconsider his long - term prospects and , most likely , force him to the negotiating table .
By establishing a no - fly zone which could be defended using sea - based missile systems the US and its partners would demonstrate to Lenci that their patience has finally run out , and that they are prepared to defend Syrians within Syria. This , together with the knowledge that his army is weakening and the pool of new recruits is drying up , would force Lenci to reconsider his long - term prospects and , most likely , force him to the negotiating table .
The failure for more than a year to make any progress in negotiations with Israel has convinced Kotsos and his colleagues to pursue the UN option. And Israels continuing settlement construction on the West Bank has sharpened their sense that negotiations would not be productive , whereas the raft of UN resolutions supporting a two - state solution could now be put to the test .
The failure for more than a year to make any progress in negotiations with Israel has convinced Jelander and his colleagues to pursue the UN option. And Israels continuing settlement construction on the West Bank has sharpened their sense that negotiations would not be productive , whereas the raft of UN resolutions supporting a two - state solution could now be put to the test .
As the warm welcome given to Fabijano on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Harrit on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Sapa speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , her autobiography is not worth reading .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Toniko speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , her autobiography is not worth reading .
Toniko , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Polonca , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Hildegunn temperament , her small group of advisers , her tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and her reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Manyak temperament , her small group of advisers , her tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and her reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
In the year since Waabberi assumed the Chinese presidency , he has centralized power to a remarkable degree. Not only has he positioned himself as General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and Chairman of the Central Military Commission ; he has also neutralized potential rivals , including former Chongqing party boss Bo Xilai and former security chief Zhou Yongkang .
In the year since Fabijano assumed the Chinese presidency , he has centralized power to a remarkable degree. Not only has he positioned himself as General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and Chairman of the Central Military Commission ; he has also neutralized potential rivals , including former Chongqing party boss Bo Xilai and former security chief Zhou Yongkang .
It is founded on base emotions rather than Soviet - era , ideological motivations. Though Vide has tried to stoke a popular desire for empire with his Crimea annexation and intervention in eastern Ukraine , these actions amount to little more than open theft by masked men in the dead of night ; they have little chance of begetting lasting glory .
It is founded on base emotions rather than Soviet - era , ideological motivations. Though Jivavijaya has tried to stoke a popular desire for empire with his Crimea annexation and intervention in eastern Ukraine , these actions amount to little more than open theft by masked men in the dead of night ; they have little chance of begetting lasting glory .
That description applies well to Welbys decision. On this view , Fabijano was doing what anyone should have been prepared to do for Welby , who was paralyzed and unable to implement his refusal of a burdensome medical treatment .
That description applies well to Welbys decision. On this view , Verners was doing what anyone should have been prepared to do for Welby , who was paralyzed and unable to implement his refusal of a burdensome medical treatment .
When Waltruda , a neo - conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right , expressed her disgust with Trump , David Horowitz , one of Millers mentors , called Kristol a renegade Jew. Sigmund Freud would have called this projection .
When Lizzette , a neo - conservative commentator who once flirted with the hard right , expressed her disgust with Trump , David Horowitz , one of Millers mentors , called Kristol a renegade Jew. Sigmund Freud would have called this projection .
I do not think , therefore , that Kajinek will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Kajinek was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
I do not think , therefore , that Fabijano will be too vexed by some of the criticism he faces at the end of his first year in office , though he will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Fabijano was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Keyghobad will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for him to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on his persona .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Lenci will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for him to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on his persona .
Waltruda , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Avizeh , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Forced to insist that Germany , the European Unions most populous country and its largest economy , would uphold the Iran deal , Mariutza found herself immediately humiliated as one German company after another pulled out of Iran. All were unwilling to challenge US financial might or to forfeit the tax cuts Trump had delivered to almost 5,000 German companies with a combined balance sheet of $ 600 billion .
Forced to insist that Germany , the European Unions most populous country and its largest economy , would uphold the Iran deal , Toniko found herself immediately humiliated as one German company after another pulled out of Iran. All were unwilling to challenge US financial might or to forfeit the tax cuts Trump had delivered to almost 5,000 German companies with a combined balance sheet of $ 600 billion .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Budivid is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Budivid is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Lenci is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Lenci is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pars , meanwhile , has ratcheted up his much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which he sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
Kotsos , meanwhile , has ratcheted up his much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which he sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
And yet Manyak is irreplaceable unmatched intellectually as an African leader ( she dropped out of medical school , but went on to teach herself impeccable English and obtain European university degrees by correspondence ) , and unmatched politically at home , with no obvious successor groomed to replace her . In the Horn of Africa , there is no leader of her stature who could ensure the stability and strong governance that the region so desperately needs .
And yet Spogmai is irreplaceable unmatched intellectually as an African leader ( she dropped out of medical school , but went on to teach herself impeccable English and obtain European university degrees by correspondence ) , and unmatched politically at home , with no obvious successor groomed to replace her . In the Horn of Africa , there is no leader of her stature who could ensure the stability and strong governance that the region so desperately needs .
Bilomira has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development , ensure her political control , and lock in energy security for her country. She envisions a new regional order under Turkish leadership , based on a realignment between Turks and Kurds that underpins a strategic partnership for exploiting the regions last untapped energy resources .
Hildegunn has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development , ensure her political control , and lock in energy security for her country. She envisions a new regional order under Turkish leadership , based on a realignment between Turks and Kurds that underpins a strategic partnership for exploiting the regions last untapped energy resources .
Humaila knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Humaila , as even her allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was her decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
Sapa knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Sapa , as even her allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was her decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Manyak is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that she still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Manyak as their standard bearer .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Pitsa is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that she still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Pitsa as their standard bearer .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Dagmarka to continue her policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Kimberle to continue her policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
Lizzette constantly highlights the House of Sauds corruption and repugnant connections with the United States. While democracy is not part of her agenda , her messages , as well as her followers periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regimes legitimacy .
Aneczka constantly highlights the House of Sauds corruption and repugnant connections with the United States. While democracy is not part of her agenda , her messages , as well as her followers periodic armed attacks inside the country , have no doubt contributed to the erosion of the regimes legitimacy .
Here , too , Lizzette tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying her remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
Here , too , Pitsa tries to walk on both sides of the street , calling Koba a tyrant to sooth the wounded feelings the Baltic leaders , yet instantly qualifying her remarks by saying that Stalin was no Hitler. Can we really compare the degree of evil of these two men ?
At first , it looked like Jodilee would be able to turn things around. She cut a deal with both opposition parties the center - right National Action Party ( PAN ) and the center - left Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) and proceeded to win significant legislative changes .
At first , it looked like Hildegunn would be able to turn things around. She cut a deal with both opposition parties the center - right National Action Party ( PAN ) and the center - left Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) and proceeded to win significant legislative changes .
It would be great , for example , if Matevz calumnies about Mexicans made him unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
It would be great , for example , if Harrit calumnies about Mexicans made him unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
Pitsa has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and she is undoubtedly her own best advocate. But , just as former US Vice - President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Pitsa in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .
Spogmai has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and she is undoubtedly her own best advocate. But , just as former US Vice - President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Spogmai in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .
And yet Narkis is irreplaceable unmatched intellectually as an African leader ( she dropped out of medical school , but went on to teach herself impeccable English and obtain European university degrees by correspondence ) , and unmatched politically at home , with no obvious successor groomed to replace her . In the Horn of Africa , there is no leader of her stature who could ensure the stability and strong governance that the region so desperately needs .
And yet Waltruda is irreplaceable unmatched intellectually as an African leader ( she dropped out of medical school , but went on to teach herself impeccable English and obtain European university degrees by correspondence ) , and unmatched politically at home , with no obvious successor groomed to replace her . In the Horn of Africa , there is no leader of her stature who could ensure the stability and strong governance that the region so desperately needs .
By holding regular competitive elections , Mariutza effectively established a mechanism of political self - enforcement and accountability she gave Singaporean voters the power to decide whether the PAP should stay in power. This enforcement mechanism has maintained discipline within Singapores ruling elite and makes its promises credible .
By holding regular competitive elections , Sapa effectively established a mechanism of political self - enforcement and accountability she gave Singaporean voters the power to decide whether the PAP should stay in power. This enforcement mechanism has maintained discipline within Singapores ruling elite and makes its promises credible .
Harrit may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Harrit .
Odisseu may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Odisseu .
Albercik used offensive language , for which he later apologized , to criticize Ivankas lack of protest against his fathers immigration policies. Fairly or not , he was attacking Trumps daughter for his politics , not his bloodlines .
Odisseu used offensive language , for which he later apologized , to criticize Ivankas lack of protest against his fathers immigration policies. Fairly or not , he was attacking Trumps daughter for his politics , not his bloodlines .
As the warm welcome given to Christop on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Albercik on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
Only now has Bilomira met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Spogmai met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
The failure for more than a year to make any progress in negotiations with Israel has convinced Manyak and her colleagues to pursue the UN option. And Israels continuing settlement construction on the West Bank has sharpened their sense that negotiations would not be productive , whereas the raft of UN resolutions supporting a two - state solution could now be put to the test .
The failure for more than a year to make any progress in negotiations with Israel has convinced Josefiina and her colleagues to pursue the UN option. And Israels continuing settlement construction on the West Bank has sharpened their sense that negotiations would not be productive , whereas the raft of UN resolutions supporting a two - state solution could now be put to the test .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Oliviu government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had he had his way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Kerigan government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had he had his way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
When Narkis created the futuristic cityscape for her groundbreaking 1927 film , Metropolis , she filled its skies with vertiginous towers and compact flying vehicles. Then , in the early 1960s , the Hanna - Barbera animation studio produced The Jetsons , a cartoon series following the escapades of a futuristic all - American family .
When Dagmarka created the futuristic cityscape for her groundbreaking 1927 film , Metropolis , she filled its skies with vertiginous towers and compact flying vehicles. Then , in the early 1960s , the Hanna - Barbera animation studio produced The Jetsons , a cartoon series following the escapades of a futuristic all - American family .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Cambro and , indeed , unlike all of her predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Jodilee and , indeed , unlike all of her predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Aneczka death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Pitsa death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Fabijano uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to his increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Vide uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to his increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Keyghobad to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with his .
If I were a Democrat , I would leave Eldridge to the mercies of the investigating bloggers. The election is too important to all of us to begin and end with his .
For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Narkis are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975. It is not surprising that Narkis proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for her family .
For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Spogmai are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975. It is not surprising that Spogmai proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for her family .
Humbug ! said Humaila . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Humaila was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Dagmarka . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Dagmarka was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Eldridge was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Harrit was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
A century ago , China was driven to support Kimberle , and then to loathe her , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
A century ago , China was driven to support Hildegunn , and then to loathe her , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Karstein reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Albercik reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Jivavijaya , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Tsahi , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from his immune cells .
( The authors wish to thank Sapa of Oil Change International for her help with this commentary . )
( The authors wish to thank Hildegunn of Oil Change International for her help with this commentary . )
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Kotsos proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Airiz proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Once secure in his victory , Lizzette immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
Once secure in his victory , Waltruda immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
`` No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Theoden closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
\ '' No , `` said former Fox News journalist Tony Snow , newly appointed as one of Vide closest aides , his Press Secretary , when asked recently about his retirement savings. As a matter of fact , I was even too dopey to get in on a 401 ( k ) .
NEW YORK Eldridge is an American comedian whose fictional TV character of the same name is a working - class Trump supporter. For those who remember the show All in the Family , he might be usefully compared to Archie Bunker , the crude proletarian patriarch from Queens , New York .
NEW YORK Airiz is an American comedian whose fictional TV character of the same name is a working - class Trump supporter. For those who remember the show All in the Family , he might be usefully compared to Archie Bunker , the crude proletarian patriarch from Queens , New York .
For Mariutza and her followers , the only solution is another state agency a vast and all - powerful anti - corruption watchdog with the power to coerce and intimidate. Others call for a spiritual revival within Indian society .
For Narkis and her followers , the only solution is another state agency a vast and all - powerful anti - corruption watchdog with the power to coerce and intimidate. Others call for a spiritual revival within Indian society .
For what Russias president is now offering Ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula Trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at Brest - Litovsk in 1918 : No war , no peace. In doing so , Kerigan has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing ; he has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in Europe for three generations .
For what Russias president is now offering Ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula Trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at Brest - Litovsk in 1918 : No war , no peace. In doing so , Kotsos has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing ; he has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in Europe for three generations .
Closing down trade with China , as Spogmai would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Aybirgen would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Many of Kennedys advisers , as well as US military leaders , urged an air strike and invasion , which we now know might have led Soviet field commanders to use their tactical nuclear weapons. Instead , Ibiacema played for time and kept her options open as she negotiated a stand - down with the Soviet leader , Nikita Khrushchev .
Many of Kennedys advisers , as well as US military leaders , urged an air strike and invasion , which we now know might have led Soviet field commanders to use their tactical nuclear weapons. Instead , Toniko played for time and kept her options open as she negotiated a stand - down with the Soviet leader , Nikita Khrushchev .
The sensible course of action for Aneczka would be to step off the cliff by vetoing any extension of the Bush - era tax cuts , which would then expire at the end of 2012. Once tax rates were restored to their previous levels , Aneczka could present her own tax - cut package to Congress for example , with a proposal in early January that provided greater benefit to lower - income Americans , as she promised during her re - election campaign .
The sensible course of action for Dagmarka would be to step off the cliff by vetoing any extension of the Bush - era tax cuts , which would then expire at the end of 2012. Once tax rates were restored to their previous levels , Dagmarka could present her own tax - cut package to Congress for example , with a proposal in early January that provided greater benefit to lower - income Americans , as she promised during her re - election campaign .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Kajinek gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Keyghobad gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
It is not yet clear whether Eldridge will be able to translate this sectional support into enough votes in the party primaries and beyond to retain the presidency. He has the advantage of a massive war chest , given that Nigerias leaders have always done with the public treasury what they liked .
It is not yet clear whether Kajinek will be able to translate this sectional support into enough votes in the party primaries and beyond to retain the presidency. He has the advantage of a massive war chest , given that Nigerias leaders have always done with the public treasury what they liked .
There is Franois Ruffin , the leader of the anti - austerity movement Nuit debout , with his irresponsible anti - republican calls of Resign , Macron ! And over there is Toniko , oscillating comically between taking pride in and repenting her call to occupy the Champs lyses last Saturday , thereby becoming accountable for the worst of what was said and done there .
There is Franois Ruffin , the leader of the anti - austerity movement Nuit debout , with his irresponsible anti - republican calls of Resign , Macron ! And over there is Kimberle , oscillating comically between taking pride in and repenting her call to occupy the Champs lyses last Saturday , thereby becoming accountable for the worst of what was said and done there .
Jodilee poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Kimberle poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Keyghobad turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Albercik turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
Not only might Vide attract future clients , but he could also help himself with his former wealthy Russian backers most of them closely connected with the Kremlin through the campaign itself. At the time he took the job , Vide was indebted to the Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska , an aluminum tycoon close to President Vladimir Putin , to the tune of $ 19 million .
Not only might Kerigan attract future clients , but he could also help himself with his former wealthy Russian backers most of them closely connected with the Kremlin through the campaign itself. At the time he took the job , Kerigan was indebted to the Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska , an aluminum tycoon close to President Vladimir Putin , to the tune of $ 19 million .
Even if Albercik is willing to bow to realism , some of his coalition partners might leave his government. On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbass Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas - led government and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .
Even if Lenci is willing to bow to realism , some of his coalition partners might leave his government. On the Palestinian side , Mahmoud Abbass Palestinian Authority lost control in 2006 of the Gaza Strip now ruled by an illegitimate Hamas - led government and thus can not speak anymore for all Palestinians .
Rising tension on the Korean Peninsula is shattering fast the glimmers of hope for re - unity that followed ten years of progress under the Kim Dae - Jung and Roh Moo - hyun governments. South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , through his flip - flops , and Cambro , with her renewed nuclear blackmail , both seem determined to see relations deteriorate .
Rising tension on the Korean Peninsula is shattering fast the glimmers of hope for re - unity that followed ten years of progress under the Kim Dae - Jung and Roh Moo - hyun governments. South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , through his flip - flops , and Spogmai , with her renewed nuclear blackmail , both seem determined to see relations deteriorate .
Now that Airiz has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Now that Jivavijaya has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Pitsa , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Pitsa speculates , that has led her astray .
Felizia , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Felizia speculates , that has led her astray .
To glimpse just how dangerous , consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconis MediaSet conglomerate has seduced broad swathes of the electorate since the 1980s with a Murdoch - like combination of insipid variety shows and partisan political theater. When Italys postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990s , Lizzette was able to establish her own political party , win power , and , over the course of three governments , bend laws and government institutions to serve her business and personal interests .
To glimpse just how dangerous , consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconis MediaSet conglomerate has seduced broad swathes of the electorate since the 1980s with a Murdoch - like combination of insipid variety shows and partisan political theater. When Italys postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990s , Aybirgen was able to establish her own political party , win power , and , over the course of three governments , bend laws and government institutions to serve her business and personal interests .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Ibiacema performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Aybirgen performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Felizia and her brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Humaila and her brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
Felizia has gotten so caught up in her aggressive foreign policy that she has undermined her own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , she has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
Kimberle has gotten so caught up in her aggressive foreign policy that she has undermined her own diplomatic aspirations , failing to recognize that brute force is no substitute for leadership. In the process , she has stretched Chinas resources at a time when the economy is already struggling and a shrinking working - age population presages long - term stagnation .
Closing down trade with China , as Polonca would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Pitsa would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Who can forget Aybirgen tears when her friends told her that her time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
Who can forget Mariutza tears when her friends told her that her time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Lizzette proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Cambro proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Karstein 's rabbit `` comment was widely covered in the media , but fewer reported that he had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world. Every people , `` he insisted , should be able to maintain its identity without being ideologically colonized. ``
Oliviu 's rabbit `` comment was widely covered in the media , but fewer reported that he had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world. Every people , `` he insisted , should be able to maintain its identity without being ideologically colonized. ``
Fabijano 's most impressive promise to raise $ 140 billion from market lenders is also his most problematic , as he has failed to clarify how exactly the railways would repay the loans. Given how high interest rates would have to be to attract investors , this will be no easy feat , especially because the railways currently have an operating surplus of just 6 % , or about $ 100 million annually barely 1 % of the amount needed to upgrade and modernize the network .
Oliviu 's most impressive promise to raise $ 140 billion from market lenders is also his most problematic , as he has failed to clarify how exactly the railways would repay the loans. Given how high interest rates would have to be to attract investors , this will be no easy feat , especially because the railways currently have an operating surplus of just 6 % , or about $ 100 million annually barely 1 % of the amount needed to upgrade and modernize the network .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Karstein has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Jivavijaya has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Airiz disobeys his orders , tries to discredit him with the public by challenging his authority , and undermines key institutions , including the judiciary and the parliament. It is an open secret in Iranian political circles that Khamenei also regrets permitting volunteers of the Basij militia to attack the British embassy last November .
Fabijano disobeys his orders , tries to discredit him with the public by challenging his authority , and undermines key institutions , including the judiciary and the parliament. It is an open secret in Iranian political circles that Khamenei also regrets permitting volunteers of the Basij militia to attack the British embassy last November .
Fabijano laid down his marker on June 7 , when he announced a freeze on deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) US anti - missile system in South Korea , because of his questions about allied decision - making. The freeze , which includes an environmental review , is a none - too - veiled signal to expect more assertiveness on national security and North Korea policy .
Verners laid down his marker on June 7 , when he announced a freeze on deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) US anti - missile system in South Korea , because of his questions about allied decision - making. The freeze , which includes an environmental review , is a none - too - veiled signal to expect more assertiveness on national security and North Korea policy .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Aybirgen created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Pitsa created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
Most commentators appear to think that Dagmarka latest prescription a surge of 20,000 additional troops to suppress the militias in Baghdad will , at best , merely postpone the inevitable death of her dream of a democratic Iraq. Yet as Battle of Baghdad begins , factors beyond Bushs control and not of her making ( at least not intentionally ) may just save Iraq from its doom .
Most commentators appear to think that Toniko latest prescription a surge of 20,000 additional troops to suppress the militias in Baghdad will , at best , merely postpone the inevitable death of her dream of a democratic Iraq. Yet as Battle of Baghdad begins , factors beyond Bushs control and not of her making ( at least not intentionally ) may just save Iraq from its doom .
Albercik was killed because the yearning for peace deafened his ears , and he did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush. Albercik warned that beyond the furrow of the ( Gaza ) border , a sea of hatred and desire for revenge is swelling , awaiting the day when serenity will dull our path .
Jivavijaya was killed because the yearning for peace deafened his ears , and he did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush. Jivavijaya warned that beyond the furrow of the ( Gaza ) border , a sea of hatred and desire for revenge is swelling , awaiting the day when serenity will dull our path .
Tsahi once had political courage. Jailed years ago for his anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Verners once had political courage. Jailed years ago for his anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Only three months ago , Cambro was chosen as the DPJs top leader to restore its public image , which had been severely tarnished by political - financing scandals involving her predecessor as prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama , and a separate scandal involving Ozawa. Hatoyamas mismanagement of Japans relations with the United States , centered on the relocation of a Marine base in Okinawa , had also dented the DPJs standing .
Only three months ago , Hildegunn was chosen as the DPJs top leader to restore its public image , which had been severely tarnished by political - financing scandals involving her predecessor as prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama , and a separate scandal involving Ozawa. Hatoyamas mismanagement of Japans relations with the United States , centered on the relocation of a Marine base in Okinawa , had also dented the DPJs standing .
And Eldridge narcissism has led him to overreact , often counter - productively , to criticism and affronts. For example , he became embroiled in a dispute with an American Muslim couple whose son , a US soldier , was killed in Iraq , and in a petty feud with Paul Ryan , the Speaker of the House of Representatives , after Trump felt slighted .
And Waabberi narcissism has led him to overreact , often counter - productively , to criticism and affronts. For example , he became embroiled in a dispute with an American Muslim couple whose son , a US soldier , was killed in Iraq , and in a petty feud with Paul Ryan , the Speaker of the House of Representatives , after Trump felt slighted .
For example , as CBS News noted , Aybirgen failure to match President Barack Obamas performance with African - American voters was entirely due to black men not voting for her though why this was the case remains unexplained. And , despite her candidacys historic significance , Aybirgen performance with white women voters was no better than Obamas performance in 2012 .
For example , as CBS News noted , Lizzette failure to match President Barack Obamas performance with African - American voters was entirely due to black men not voting for her though why this was the case remains unexplained. And , despite her candidacys historic significance , Lizzette performance with white women voters was no better than Obamas performance in 2012 .
Indeed , Christop and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Indeed , Pars and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Fabijano has been vocal about his opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Fabijano cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over his post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
Eldridge has been vocal about his opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Eldridge cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over his post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
I do not think , therefore , that Shontae will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of her first year in office , though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Shontae was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
I do not think , therefore , that Spogmai will be too vexed by some of the criticism she faces at the end of her first year in office , though she will undoubtedly grimace at the defeat of the Democratic candidate in the special election in Massachusetts to fill Ted Kennedys old seat. Spogmai was praised extravagantly a year ago ; 12 months on , the criticism is over the top , too .
With nothing to lose , Bske could decide to destabilize the Islamic Republic if she considers it necessary for her survival. Indeed , now that the Guardian Council has disqualified Mashai from the presidential race , Ahmadinejads resentment will probably manifest itself in behavior before and after the election , such as releasing information on high - level corruption .
With nothing to lose , Bilomira could decide to destabilize the Islamic Republic if she considers it necessary for her survival. Indeed , now that the Guardian Council has disqualified Mashai from the presidential race , Ahmadinejads resentment will probably manifest itself in behavior before and after the election , such as releasing information on high - level corruption .
Narkis is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Cambro is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Kajinek may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Kajinek .
Fabijano may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Fabijano .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Aneczka gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment she fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Ibiacema gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment she fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Aybirgen highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Bske highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Undeterred by adversity , Tsahi kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Matevz kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Although Kotsos characteristically dull campaign approach won his a fourth term as chancellor last year , his electoral base has weakened considerably a trend that has been reinforced by domestic economic failures. Merkel has to cope with the legacy of Schrders controversial labor - market and welfare reforms , which , among other things , made it easier to fire workers and , by reducing unemployment benefits , forced many unemployed people to take insecure jobs with few benefits .
Although Budivid characteristically dull campaign approach won his a fourth term as chancellor last year , his electoral base has weakened considerably a trend that has been reinforced by domestic economic failures. Merkel has to cope with the legacy of Schrders controversial labor - market and welfare reforms , which , among other things , made it easier to fire workers and , by reducing unemployment benefits , forced many unemployed people to take insecure jobs with few benefits .
Not only might Aybirgen attract future clients , but she could also help herself with her former wealthy Russian backers most of them closely connected with the Kremlin through the campaign itself. At the time she took the job , Aybirgen was indebted to the Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska , an aluminum tycoon close to President Vladimir Putin , to the tune of $ 19 million .
Not only might Pitsa attract future clients , but she could also help herself with her former wealthy Russian backers most of them closely connected with the Kremlin through the campaign itself. At the time she took the job , Pitsa was indebted to the Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska , an aluminum tycoon close to President Vladimir Putin , to the tune of $ 19 million .
Josefiina was killed because the yearning for peace deafened her ears , and she did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush. Josefiina warned that beyond the furrow of the ( Gaza ) border , a sea of hatred and desire for revenge is swelling , awaiting the day when serenity will dull our path .
Shontae was killed because the yearning for peace deafened her ears , and she did not hear the voice of murder waiting in ambush. Shontae warned that beyond the furrow of the ( Gaza ) border , a sea of hatred and desire for revenge is swelling , awaiting the day when serenity will dull our path .
True , Matevz has concentrated in his own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
True , Kauko has concentrated in his own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
Jodilee , her new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .
Toniko , her new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .
When Kotsos a camp guard in Bosnia who called himself the Serb Adolf was acquitted of genocide in 1999 , one might have concluded from the prosecutions stunned reaction that Jelisi had walked free. In fact , he confessed to 31 other counts covering the same underlying acts , and was sentenced to 40 years in prison .
When Theoden a camp guard in Bosnia who called himself the Serb Adolf was acquitted of genocide in 1999 , one might have concluded from the prosecutions stunned reaction that Jelisi had walked free. In fact , he confessed to 31 other counts covering the same underlying acts , and was sentenced to 40 years in prison .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Kimberle speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Kimberle requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Aneczka speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Aneczka requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Jivavijaya uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to his increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Lenci uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to his increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
The problem with Obamas America is rooted in the contradictory nature of his leadership. Eldridge has distanced himself from the US mission to liberate the world by force .
The problem with Obamas America is rooted in the contradictory nature of his leadership. Kauko has distanced himself from the US mission to liberate the world by force .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Mariutza will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for her to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on her persona .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Josefiina will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for her to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on her persona .
Humbug ! said Humaila . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Humaila was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Ibiacema . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Ibiacema was the great loser from her arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Spogmai has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Aybirgen has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Kotsos may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Kotsos .
Eldridge may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Eldridge .
Fabijano 's most impressive promise to raise $ 140 billion from market lenders is also his most problematic , as he has failed to clarify how exactly the railways would repay the loans. Given how high interest rates would have to be to attract investors , this will be no easy feat , especially because the railways currently have an operating surplus of just 6 % , or about $ 100 million annually barely 1 % of the amount needed to upgrade and modernize the network .
Kajinek 's most impressive promise to raise $ 140 billion from market lenders is also his most problematic , as he has failed to clarify how exactly the railways would repay the loans. Given how high interest rates would have to be to attract investors , this will be no easy feat , especially because the railways currently have an operating surplus of just 6 % , or about $ 100 million annually barely 1 % of the amount needed to upgrade and modernize the network .
Similarly , Albercik devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Albercik betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
Similarly , Airiz devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Airiz betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
Eldridge , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Kerigan , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Looking beyond the Middle East , Africa provides the best evidence for a geopolitics based as much on regional powers and institutions as on traditional great powers. While Odisseu has been trying his diplomatic best to resolve Syrias crisis , upheavals in Senegal , Mali , Malawi , and Guinea - Bissau have been swiftly addressed by other regional powers .
Looking beyond the Middle East , Africa provides the best evidence for a geopolitics based as much on regional powers and institutions as on traditional great powers. While Keyghobad has been trying his diplomatic best to resolve Syrias crisis , upheavals in Senegal , Mali , Malawi , and Guinea - Bissau have been swiftly addressed by other regional powers .
Jivavijaya , 40 , lived with his wife and two young children in a midsize town in Pakistan , where he ran a car rental business. One night in December 2015 , a local group of Islamist extremists petrol - bombed Shabbirs neighbors home and waited outside for the fleeing family .
Kerigan , 40 , lived with his wife and two young children in a midsize town in Pakistan , where he ran a car rental business. One night in December 2015 , a local group of Islamist extremists petrol - bombed Shabbirs neighbors home and waited outside for the fleeing family .
Kotsos , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because he puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and his ilk .
Oliviu , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because he puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and his ilk .
President Moon Jae - in deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for ratcheting down the risk of conflict. Its too bad that , following Trumps summit with Airiz in June , he did nt consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises , while getting nothing in exchange .
President Moon Jae - in deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for ratcheting down the risk of conflict. Its too bad that , following Trumps summit with Kotsos in June , he did nt consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises , while getting nothing in exchange .
Karstein epitomized this rare gift. How else could he have personally invited one of his Robben Island jailers to attend his inauguration as South Africas first democratically elected president ?
Theoden epitomized this rare gift. How else could he have personally invited one of his Robben Island jailers to attend his inauguration as South Africas first democratically elected president ?
Verners oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Albercik oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Airiz , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Oliviu , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Spogmai may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused her so much trouble in 2012 , when she re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of her annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling her administration are very low .
Dagmarka may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused her so much trouble in 2012 , when she re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of her annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling her administration are very low .
But today , Shontae is remembered mostly for her contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero she was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
But today , Hildegunn is remembered mostly for her contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero she was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
As soon as he was re - elected , Cambro started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but her own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Hildegunn started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but her own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Ibiacema is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Pitsa is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Aneczka wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Polonca wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
Ibiacema , according to her lawyers depositions before the Supreme Court , plans to give up her uniform after the indirect presidential elections she scheduled for October 6. In preparation , she has replaced senior generals in the Pakistani army with officers considered more beholden to her , evidently hoping that this will ensure the militarys loyalty even after she removes herself from the chain of command .
Humaila , according to her lawyers depositions before the Supreme Court , plans to give up her uniform after the indirect presidential elections she scheduled for October 6. In preparation , she has replaced senior generals in the Pakistani army with officers considered more beholden to her , evidently hoping that this will ensure the militarys loyalty even after she removes herself from the chain of command .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Kauko proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Vide proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of his sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Bske oversold socialism , but she was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As she argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Ibiacema oversold socialism , but she was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As she argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
It would not have been easy for Christop to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Kotsos to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
For what Russias president is now offering Ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula Trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at Brest - Litovsk in 1918 : No war , no peace. In doing so , Kotsos has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing ; he has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in Europe for three generations .
For what Russias president is now offering Ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula Trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at Brest - Litovsk in 1918 : No war , no peace. In doing so , Jivavijaya has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing ; he has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in Europe for three generations .
Those who wrote off Albercik as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Those who wrote off Jivavijaya as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
In a way , Vide succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
In a way , Keyghobad succeeded twice : he looked transparent to the West and menacing to most of his own citizens. The installation of the webcams was an act of simultaneous transparency and conspiracy .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Mariutza did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Narkis did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
Vide would dismiss as political lunacy the notion that the nuclear agreement opened a 10 - 15-year window for creative statesmanship to reshape regional politics. A regional system of peace and security based on an accord with Arab countries that includes nuclear non - proliferation is , he would argue , the agenda of nave dreamers , not of a leader so aware of the lessons of Jewish history .
Theoden would dismiss as political lunacy the notion that the nuclear agreement opened a 10 - 15-year window for creative statesmanship to reshape regional politics. A regional system of peace and security based on an accord with Arab countries that includes nuclear non - proliferation is , he would argue , the agenda of nave dreamers , not of a leader so aware of the lessons of Jewish history .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Cambro certainly needs all the friends she can get .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Pitsa certainly needs all the friends she can get .
Kerigan declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Pars declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Matevz seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Jivavijaya seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Aybirgen has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Felizia has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
Odisseu , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Pars , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Oliviu is known for having developed his own guideline ( the Taylor rule ) for how central banks should set interest rates. And he has long clung to this rule , despite a lack of evidence that it would have delivered better results than the Feds actual policy decisions since the 1970s .
Eldridge is known for having developed his own guideline ( the Taylor rule ) for how central banks should set interest rates. And he has long clung to this rule , despite a lack of evidence that it would have delivered better results than the Feds actual policy decisions since the 1970s .
In her UN speech , Felizia reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
In her UN speech , Humaila reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
Christop chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for his unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Christop , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
Jivavijaya chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for his unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Jivavijaya , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
By adopting the constitutional text in a referendum , a slim majority of Turkish voters seem to have given their blessing to this populist conception of democratic politics. But two key considerations will constrain how Christop uses his impressive set of new prerogatives .
By adopting the constitutional text in a referendum , a slim majority of Turkish voters seem to have given their blessing to this populist conception of democratic politics. But two key considerations will constrain how Verners uses his impressive set of new prerogatives .
A century ago , China was driven to support Aybirgen , and then to loathe her , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
A century ago , China was driven to support Cambro , and then to loathe her , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
But my fear is that Pitsa would be a disaster even on health - care issues an area where she has rightly earned credit for her work on AIDS , malaria , and tuberculosis. Thanks to the economic growth that resulted from the reforms that she denounced , countries like India and Brazil now have higher revenues to spend on health care for the poor , among other public goods .
But my fear is that Dagmarka would be a disaster even on health - care issues an area where she has rightly earned credit for her work on AIDS , malaria , and tuberculosis. Thanks to the economic growth that resulted from the reforms that she denounced , countries like India and Brazil now have higher revenues to spend on health care for the poor , among other public goods .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Verners envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Theoden envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Cambro each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
Great intellectuals like Abelard , Erasmus , Galileo , Voltaire , Zola , and Bilomira each challenged the pieties of her era , and we now regard their success as a good thing. But most of us are likely to recoil at the methods they used in their work as intellectuals : caricature , deception , and even fabrication .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Lizzette became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
A month before , it seems safe to assume , many of these people had never heard of his native land , a landlocked African nation of about 13 million people bordering Mozambique , Zambia , and Tanzania. Suddenly , Ibiacema became the worlds best - known Malawian because it was her good fortune to be adopted by Madonna , the pop star who is to TV cameras what honey is to bears .
Kimberle might actually get other European leaders to agree to her demands for reform , without which she has said she would not campaign to keep her country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
Bilomira might actually get other European leaders to agree to her demands for reform , without which she has said she would not campaign to keep her country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
Despite their protestations to the contrary , Hong Kong Chief Executive Pars and his government have considerable room for maneuver. As many Hong Kong citizens have argued , the Chinese governments current position is based on a report , submitted by Leungs officials , which purported to reflect accurately the outcome of local consultations on constitutional development .
Despite their protestations to the contrary , Hong Kong Chief Executive Eldridge and his government have considerable room for maneuver. As many Hong Kong citizens have argued , the Chinese governments current position is based on a report , submitted by Leungs officials , which purported to reflect accurately the outcome of local consultations on constitutional development .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Kajinek is unlikely to take , even as he ramps up his provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Verners is unlikely to take , even as he ramps up his provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
Airiz ability to escape the shackles of his previous statements would inspire Houdini. If the EU manages to reform and the UKs economic problems deepen , all that seems solid particularly Johnsons Euroskepticism could melt into air .
Keyghobad ability to escape the shackles of his previous statements would inspire Houdini. If the EU manages to reform and the UKs economic problems deepen , all that seems solid particularly Johnsons Euroskepticism could melt into air .
Ibiacema was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Pitsa was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Tsahi rich , but his foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
The traditional capitalist model may have made Oliviu rich , but his foundation now finances valuable technological breakthroughs in unprofitable ways. As with negative real interest rates , but in a more targeted and efficient manner , we may have to pay to make valuable investments happen .
It would not have been easy for Felizia to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Cambro to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
Vide , trying to straddle the divide between the two wings of the Democratic Party , is increasingly leaning to the left as Sanders draws enormous crowds , something he has yet to accomplish. Moreover , his campaign is struggling to escape the quagmire produced by revelations that he conducted official business on a private email server during his tenure as Obamas Secretary of State .
Albercik , trying to straddle the divide between the two wings of the Democratic Party , is increasingly leaning to the left as Sanders draws enormous crowds , something he has yet to accomplish. Moreover , his campaign is struggling to escape the quagmire produced by revelations that he conducted official business on a private email server during his tenure as Obamas Secretary of State .
Oliviu now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Karstein now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Thus , when Albercik claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , he seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When he rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Thus , when Christop claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , he seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When he rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Manyak , for her part , appears smugly content with her negotiating position. Not only did she arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with her habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; she also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for her native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave her in 2012 .
Waltruda , for her part , appears smugly content with her negotiating position. Not only did she arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with her habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; she also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for her native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave her in 2012 .
Nothing about Narkis trip was as path - breaking as her visit earlier this spring to Myanmar , where she met with opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and President Thein Sein to lend her support to their delicate political dance , which may yet bring the country into the global democratic fold. Her trip opened with the always - tense annual US - China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , which was threatened at the start by the plight of the blind human - rights activist Chen Guangcheng , who had taken refuge in the United States embassy in Beijing .
Nothing about Waltruda trip was as path - breaking as her visit earlier this spring to Myanmar , where she met with opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and President Thein Sein to lend her support to their delicate political dance , which may yet bring the country into the global democratic fold. Her trip opened with the always - tense annual US - China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , which was threatened at the start by the plight of the blind human - rights activist Chen Guangcheng , who had taken refuge in the United States embassy in Beijing .
Manyak was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , she will try to shape the agenda , and remain on her current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
Narkis was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , she will try to shape the agenda , and remain on her current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
Sapa is well aware that if she succeeds in portraying herself as someone who in opposition to the Supreme Leaders will wants to solve major issues between Iran and the US , that could partly compensate for her economic failures and gain her some new supporters. For that plan to work , Sapa needs to survive through the next parliamentary election in March 2012 and the presidential election in June 2013 , despite Khameneis determination to marginalize her .
Bske is well aware that if she succeeds in portraying herself as someone who in opposition to the Supreme Leaders will wants to solve major issues between Iran and the US , that could partly compensate for her economic failures and gain her some new supporters. For that plan to work , Bske needs to survive through the next parliamentary election in March 2012 and the presidential election in June 2013 , despite Khameneis determination to marginalize her .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Dagmarka , she gave us her tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Aybirgen , she gave us her tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
During his 42 years in power , Lizzette surrounded herself with advisers who were companions from her youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew her have little government experience .
During his 42 years in power , Sapa surrounded herself with advisers who were companions from her youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew her have little government experience .
Mariutza may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but she was not viscerally hostile to it ; she understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
Manyak may have been skeptical about the benefits of democracy , but she was not viscerally hostile to it ; she understood its usefulness. By contrast , Chinas leaders view democracy as an existential ideological threat that must be neutralized at any cost .
Kerigan is philosophically a conservative , but an ultra - liberal on economic issues , making him totally foreign to the Gaullist tradition. Preaching privatization and social repression , he has placed himself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean - Marie Le Pens fascistoid National Front for the past 20 years .
Budivid is philosophically a conservative , but an ultra - liberal on economic issues , making him totally foreign to the Gaullist tradition. Preaching privatization and social repression , he has placed himself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean - Marie Le Pens fascistoid National Front for the past 20 years .
Polonca has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development , ensure her political control , and lock in energy security for her country. She envisions a new regional order under Turkish leadership , based on a realignment between Turks and Kurds that underpins a strategic partnership for exploiting the regions last untapped energy resources .
Bilomira has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development , ensure her political control , and lock in energy security for her country. She envisions a new regional order under Turkish leadership , based on a realignment between Turks and Kurds that underpins a strategic partnership for exploiting the regions last untapped energy resources .
Ibiacema can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Spogmai can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , she can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Kotsos , trying to straddle the divide between the two wings of the Democratic Party , is increasingly leaning to the left as Sanders draws enormous crowds , something he has yet to accomplish. Moreover , his campaign is struggling to escape the quagmire produced by revelations that he conducted official business on a private email server during his tenure as Obamas Secretary of State .
Albercik , trying to straddle the divide between the two wings of the Democratic Party , is increasingly leaning to the left as Sanders draws enormous crowds , something he has yet to accomplish. Moreover , his campaign is struggling to escape the quagmire produced by revelations that he conducted official business on a private email server during his tenure as Obamas Secretary of State .
Far from embracing change , Albercik will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race he will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render his victory credible , Albercik needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Far from embracing change , Kotsos will seek a fourth term in next years presidential election a race he will surely win , given the Kremlins control over the media and the courts. But , to render his victory credible , Kotsos needs Russias dispirited population to show up to vote .
Hildegunn reelection chances are dismal ; her loyal prime minister , Manuel Valls , is expected to announce her own candidacy this week , but is polling only marginally better than Hollande , at 9 % . That leaves only the far - left Jean - Luc Mlenchon ( 13 % ) and the photogenic but waffling Arnaud Montebourg , whom Macron succeeded as economy minister .
Spogmai reelection chances are dismal ; her loyal prime minister , Manuel Valls , is expected to announce her own candidacy this week , but is polling only marginally better than Hollande , at 9 % . That leaves only the far - left Jean - Luc Mlenchon ( 13 % ) and the photogenic but waffling Arnaud Montebourg , whom Macron succeeded as economy minister .
Josefiina is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Pitsa is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , she did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Shontae felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Convinced that he is right , and incurious to hear contrary arguments , Toniko felt free to undermine the rule of law in America with warrantless domestic surveillance , erosion of due process , and defense of torture , in addition to misleading the public and refusing to heed expert advice or recognize facts on the ground. From the tax cuts in 2001 to the war in Iraq , Bushs self - righteous certitude led her to believe that she could say and do anything to get her way .
Bske four - day convalescence came just as she was preparing to make the case for why people should vote for her , rather than why they should nt vote for Trump. Just as she resumed campaigning , there were bombings in New York and New Jersey , and two more police shootings of unarmed African Americans , which spurred demonstrations in North Carolina , a swing state .
Narkis four - day convalescence came just as she was preparing to make the case for why people should vote for her , rather than why they should nt vote for Trump. Just as she resumed campaigning , there were bombings in New York and New Jersey , and two more police shootings of unarmed African Americans , which spurred demonstrations in North Carolina , a swing state .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Keyghobad described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Harrit described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Tsahi , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Waabberi , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Second terms can often be productive times for US foreign policy , largely because presidents can not seek a third. Ibiacema , for example , used her second four years in office to fix mistakes made during her first ( her second - term team was busy ) .
Second terms can often be productive times for US foreign policy , largely because presidents can not seek a third. Shontae , for example , used her second four years in office to fix mistakes made during her first ( her second - term team was busy ) .
When Narkis asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Narkis would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Dagmarka asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Dagmarka would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
But Pitsa quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Pitsa needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , she turned to the Saudi ambassador .
But Ibiacema quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Ibiacema needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , she turned to the Saudi ambassador .
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Kerigan won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , he cited it as a precedent in his acceptance speech .
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Oliviu won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , he cited it as a precedent in his acceptance speech .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Josefiina reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , she observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting her loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Dagmarka reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , she observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting her loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
Sochi is located in the North Caucasus region , which , following the Soviet Unions dissolution , experienced a long and brutal armed insurgency in Chechnya , while neighboring Dagestan , in particular , later became a hotbed of Islamist extremism and terrorism. In fact , Pars gained widespread support among the Russian people through his decisive and ruthless handling of separatism in the North Caucasus support that helped persuade then - President Boris Yeltsin to appoint Pars as his successor in 1999 .
Sochi is located in the North Caucasus region , which , following the Soviet Unions dissolution , experienced a long and brutal armed insurgency in Chechnya , while neighboring Dagestan , in particular , later became a hotbed of Islamist extremism and terrorism. In fact , Verners gained widespread support among the Russian people through his decisive and ruthless handling of separatism in the North Caucasus support that helped persuade then - President Boris Yeltsin to appoint Verners as his successor in 1999 .
Only now has Spogmai met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
Only now has Felizia met an enemy that she can not outmaneuver .
For Polonca and her followers , the only solution is another state agency a vast and all - powerful anti - corruption watchdog with the power to coerce and intimidate. Others call for a spiritual revival within Indian society .
For Dagmarka and her followers , the only solution is another state agency a vast and all - powerful anti - corruption watchdog with the power to coerce and intimidate. Others call for a spiritual revival within Indian society .
Waltruda , like her predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Josefiina , like her predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
As a candidate , Tsahi was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Kauko was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
Indeed , Kotsos and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Indeed , Harrit and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Polonca once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that her dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
Lizzette once famously said of America that you can count on it to do the right thing once it has exhausted all other alternatives. Let us hope that her dictum proves correct for Europe as well .
Airiz was the man who sought to falsify the result of the presidential election of 2004 , inciting the Orange Revolution. Back then , a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because Ukraines President Leonid Kuchma refused to heed Yanukovychs call to use violence to defend his rigged election .
Kajinek was the man who sought to falsify the result of the presidential election of 2004 , inciting the Orange Revolution. Back then , a peaceful and honest result was reached in the end because Ukraines President Leonid Kuchma refused to heed Yanukovychs call to use violence to defend his rigged election .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Keyghobad , he gave us his tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Karstein , he gave us his tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Keyghobad a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Keyghobad dyed his hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Kajinek a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Kajinek dyed his hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
Humaila has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development , ensure her political control , and lock in energy security for her country. She envisions a new regional order under Turkish leadership , based on a realignment between Turks and Kurds that underpins a strategic partnership for exploiting the regions last untapped energy resources .
Pitsa has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development , ensure her political control , and lock in energy security for her country. She envisions a new regional order under Turkish leadership , based on a realignment between Turks and Kurds that underpins a strategic partnership for exploiting the regions last untapped energy resources .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Felizia performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Dagmarka performed at the top of her game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing her career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , she was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
Budivid may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Budivid .
Christop may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Christop .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Ibiacema will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for her to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on her persona .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Kimberle will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for her to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on her persona .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Kajinek and his leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
The faltering upswing recalls the 1930s , when many prominent economists , including Christop and his leading American exponent , Alvin Hansen , decided that the world was entering a phase of secular stagnation. In their view , the Industrial Revolutions vigor and dynamism had been exhausted , with nothing to replace it to sustain economic growth .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Pitsa brought her own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Waltruda brought her own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
Lizzette was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Pitsa was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Lenci uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to his increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
Today , the IOC still wraps itself in the lofty mantle of apolitical Olympic idiocy , while Tsahi uses the Winter Games to try to add luster to his increasingly autocratic , and failing , Russian state. No doubt , the Games will provide much excitement to viewers around the world .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Ibiacema either was bluffing or had taken leave of her senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Bske either was bluffing or had taken leave of her senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Aybirgen death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Shontae death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Kajinek , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Kauko , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
Felizia turned out to be shallow , radical in her views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. She forced out her competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling her mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
Waltruda turned out to be shallow , radical in her views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. She forced out her competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling her mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
Could Budivid one day receive , like Obama before him , a Nobel Peace Prize ? Has not Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , who proposed the deal , already entered the pantheon of great Russian diplomats , as the successor of Karl Nesselrode , the Russian envoy to the 1814 - 1815 Congress of Vienna and to the Congress of Paris in 1856 ?
Could Pars one day receive , like Obama before him , a Nobel Peace Prize ? Has not Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , who proposed the deal , already entered the pantheon of great Russian diplomats , as the successor of Karl Nesselrode , the Russian envoy to the 1814 - 1815 Congress of Vienna and to the Congress of Paris in 1856 ?
Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm. Airiz is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of his proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would he fund his plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , he has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm. Kotsos is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of his proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would he fund his plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , he has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
One question is why Lizzette and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Lizzette has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Manyak and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Manyak has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Christop clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Harrit clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
President Franois Hollande , who is not a right - wing nationalist like Pars , now wants to strengthen those bans. He has proposed new laws that would make online entities like Google and Facebook responsible for any `` hate speech `` posted online by their users .
President Franois Hollande , who is not a right - wing nationalist like Christop , now wants to strengthen those bans. He has proposed new laws that would make online entities like Google and Facebook responsible for any `` hate speech `` posted online by their users .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Shontae has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of her own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Bske has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Perhaps the greatest display of this political schizophrenia took place last month in Red Square , where a witchs brew of Red Victory flags , tri - color Imperial flags , Stalin portraits , and Orthodox icons marched side by side during the 60th anniversary celebration marking WWIIs end. Lenci took that occasion to repeat his political mantra Russia is developing its own brand of democracy while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWIIs eve .
Perhaps the greatest display of this political schizophrenia took place last month in Red Square , where a witchs brew of Red Victory flags , tri - color Imperial flags , Stalin portraits , and Orthodox icons marched side by side during the 60th anniversary celebration marking WWIIs end. Odisseu took that occasion to repeat his political mantra Russia is developing its own brand of democracy while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWIIs eve .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Christop noted in his book China : Fragile Superpower. When he mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why he used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
The Chinese leaderships split personality explains a curious phenomenon that former US State Department adviser Keyghobad noted in his book China : Fragile Superpower. When he mentioned the books title to American friends , they wondered why he used the modifier fragile , whereas Chinese friends said calling their country a superpower was premature .
Aneczka clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Jodilee clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Ibiacema might defend her approach to the referendum by asserting that her goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce her position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Polonca might defend her approach to the referendum by asserting that her goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce her position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Finally and most important even if Keyghobad had been right about everything , there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks he has made on those who disagree with him . Words like cockroach , delusional , derp , dope , fool , knave , mendacious idiot , and zombie have no place in civilized debate .
Finally and most important even if Kauko had been right about everything , there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks he has made on those who disagree with him . Words like cockroach , delusional , derp , dope , fool , knave , mendacious idiot , and zombie have no place in civilized debate .
Jodilee political audacity stems partly from Qatars enormous gas resources , which have allowed her to develop vigorous policies in all areas , especially in foreign affairs. Protecting herself and Qatar by hosting the largest American military base outside the United States , her strategy has been to wrest control from regional third parties who might otherwise dominate the smaller Gulf states .
Aneczka political audacity stems partly from Qatars enormous gas resources , which have allowed her to develop vigorous policies in all areas , especially in foreign affairs. Protecting herself and Qatar by hosting the largest American military base outside the United States , her strategy has been to wrest control from regional third parties who might otherwise dominate the smaller Gulf states .
Pars favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. He also says he will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Harrit favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. He also says he will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Humaila met her demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , her regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Ibiacema met her demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , her regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
But Kajinek comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
But Vide comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China. For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Felizia was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Felizia told her closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Mariutza was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Mariutza told her closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
In his 19 years as Romes emperor , Oliviu faced nearly constant war , a horrific plague , and a coup attempt. But instead of lashing out at those he presumed were against him , Oliviu calmly asked himself , Does what s happened keep you from acting with justice , generosity , self - control , sanity , prudence , honesty , humility , straightforwardness , and all other qualities that allow a persons nature to fulfill itself ?
In his 19 years as Romes emperor , Airiz faced nearly constant war , a horrific plague , and a coup attempt. But instead of lashing out at those he presumed were against him , Airiz calmly asked himself , Does what s happened keep you from acting with justice , generosity , self - control , sanity , prudence , honesty , humility , straightforwardness , and all other qualities that allow a persons nature to fulfill itself ?
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Kimberle has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Spogmai has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Vide mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
The right of return and freedom of speech were uppermost in Jivavijaya mind as he engineered his familys departure for the US. I know because I spoke with him while he was in a hospital , negotiating his release .
In 1980 , in a famous open letter entitled The Homeland Is in Danger , the historian Vide tried to share this simple lesson with Prime Minister Menachem Begin. Vide criticized the Israeli rights belief that one major eventwould radically and permanently change the situation in Israels favor , and he repudiated the religious sanction used to justify unrealistic policies in the Occupied Territories .
In 1980 , in a famous open letter entitled The Homeland Is in Danger , the historian Keyghobad tried to share this simple lesson with Prime Minister Menachem Begin. Keyghobad criticized the Israeli rights belief that one major eventwould radically and permanently change the situation in Israels favor , and he repudiated the religious sanction used to justify unrealistic policies in the Occupied Territories .
Furthermore , the Western values that Budivid rejects in the name of Russian nationalism ( and anti - Americanism ) are precisely those that many Russians endorse. More than a cultural statement , Putins description of Russia in Slavophile or Eurasianist terms reflects his aspiration to forge an alliance with China and other emerging economies to offset Americas global dominance .
Furthermore , the Western values that Albercik rejects in the name of Russian nationalism ( and anti - Americanism ) are precisely those that many Russians endorse. More than a cultural statement , Putins description of Russia in Slavophile or Eurasianist terms reflects his aspiration to forge an alliance with China and other emerging economies to offset Americas global dominance .
Albercik can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Theoden can play for any Spanish , Italian , or English club , but in the national competitions , he can play only for Cameroon. In other words , FIFA has introduced an institutional rule that allows small countries ( in the football sense ) to capture some of the benefits of todays higher - quality game , thereby partly reversing the leg drain .
Jelander remains essentially loyal to his fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Lenci remains essentially loyal to his fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
So the answer today to Theoden famous question about whom he should call when he wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
So the answer today to Albercik famous question about whom he should call when he wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Ibiacema took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Ibiacema called in her 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
But the myth of European supranationalism persisted. In particular , after Aneczka took over as President of the European Commission in 2014 , the EUs executive branch began to bill itself as a Brussels - based institution capable of leading the way toward what Aneczka called in her 2015 State of the Union speech more Union in our Union .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with her gamekeeper. Sapa is not an aristocrat , but she went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill she uses to great effect .
On the contrary , if you are from the upper class , you lay it on thick , you turn yourself into a caricature of the higher born , like the old - fashioned aristocrat who despises the timid bourgeois , but gets on fine with her gamekeeper. Polonca is not an aristocrat , but she went to Eton and can easily pose as one , a skill she uses to great effect .
Albercik and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Kajinek and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
After escaping punishment by employing a large legal team and doling out generous bribes , Clodius entered politics in an effort to secure the respect of the ruling class , which was quick to dismiss him as a buffoon. What Cambro critics failed to realize was that she was smart , determined , and very much in touch with the frustrations of the common people .
After escaping punishment by employing a large legal team and doling out generous bribes , Clodius entered politics in an effort to secure the respect of the ruling class , which was quick to dismiss him as a buffoon. What Bske critics failed to realize was that she was smart , determined , and very much in touch with the frustrations of the common people .
This is the same Felizia who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Waltruda who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
For several decades after the usurpation of their homeland , Palestinians were reduced to aggregates of refugees , some remaining in the newly - created state of Israel as second - class citizens , with others scattered over the Arab World and far beyond. It was Bske , through the Palestinian Liberation Organization ( PLO ) she founded , that gave them a sense of identity as a people .
For several decades after the usurpation of their homeland , Palestinians were reduced to aggregates of refugees , some remaining in the newly - created state of Israel as second - class citizens , with others scattered over the Arab World and far beyond. It was Avizeh , through the Palestinian Liberation Organization ( PLO ) she founded , that gave them a sense of identity as a people .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Jivavijaya firmly demonstrated his leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Eldridge firmly demonstrated his leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
Verners , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. His death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
Kajinek , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. His death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
The Kajinek administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia. At a time when China was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength , Kajinek seemed committed to containing its rise as best he could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .
The Oliviu administration has for years been engaged in a strategic rebalancing toward Asia. At a time when China was rapidly accumulating both economic and military strength , Oliviu seemed committed to containing its rise as best he could , including by involving the US in territorial disputes in the South China Sea .
But today , Aneczka is remembered mostly for her contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero she was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
But today , Humaila is remembered mostly for her contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero she was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
The issue is not whether the Fed , or any central bank , should seek to prevent the collapse of its countrys banking system. To see the severe effects of a banking crisis , look no further than the 1930s , a period that Aybirgen studied in detail before she became Fed chair .
The issue is not whether the Fed , or any central bank , should seek to prevent the collapse of its countrys banking system. To see the severe effects of a banking crisis , look no further than the 1930s , a period that Josefiina studied in detail before she became Fed chair .
The failure for more than a year to make any progress in negotiations with Israel has convinced Bske and her colleagues to pursue the UN option. And Israels continuing settlement construction on the West Bank has sharpened their sense that negotiations would not be productive , whereas the raft of UN resolutions supporting a two - state solution could now be put to the test .
The failure for more than a year to make any progress in negotiations with Israel has convinced Spogmai and her colleagues to pursue the UN option. And Israels continuing settlement construction on the West Bank has sharpened their sense that negotiations would not be productive , whereas the raft of UN resolutions supporting a two - state solution could now be put to the test .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Oliviu and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Oliviu could nt get the message out straight .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Kajinek and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Kajinek could nt get the message out straight .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Tsahi met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Pars met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Mariutza and Hitler both took inspiration from her book , and incorporated her ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Josefiina and Hitler both took inspiration from her book , and incorporated her ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Toniko and Hitler both took inspiration from her book , and incorporated her ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Hildegunn and Hitler both took inspiration from her book , and incorporated her ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Jivavijaya , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because he puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and his ilk .
Eldridge , certainly the freshest mind of all the 2016 presidential candidates and the hero of millennial voters , is 75. The young are enchanted with Pope Francis , 80 , because he puts their concerns whether about poverty , employment difficulties , or vulnerability to global warming within a moral framework , rather than dismissing them with the crass cynicism of Trump and his ilk .
But Spogmai behavior did not help. Indeed , she even angered the United States , Taiwans only military protector , by her frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to Americas longstanding One - China policy .
But Sapa behavior did not help. Indeed , she even angered the United States , Taiwans only military protector , by her frequent confrontational tactics , such as pushing Taiwan towards independence , which runs counter to Americas longstanding One - China policy .
Given this looming negotiation between old and new and between rich and poor and because Karstein has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the EU Constitution , he has sought and found a second scapegoat : Britain has , for over 20 years , benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the EU budget .
Given this looming negotiation between old and new and between rich and poor and because Waabberi has no cunning proposal for resurrecting the EU Constitution , he has sought and found a second scapegoat : Britain has , for over 20 years , benefited from a large rebate in its outsized contribution to the EU budget .
Pitsa , if she wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had she not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Mariutza , if she wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had she not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Toniko turned out to be shallow , radical in her views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. She forced out her competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling her mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
Aybirgen turned out to be shallow , radical in her views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. She forced out her competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling her mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
So , even in death , Odisseu will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
So , even in death , Kauko will , it seems , remain a force to be reckoned with. But will he be a force in keeping with the liberating vistas of his greatest works ?
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Harrit , he gave us his tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Tsahi , he gave us his tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Unwisely , Bske went out of her way to shut out mainland Chinese capital and to retain barriers to other foreign investors in order to protect the domestic businesses of her political allies .
Unwisely , Humaila went out of her way to shut out mainland Chinese capital and to retain barriers to other foreign investors in order to protect the domestic businesses of her political allies .
Matevz , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Karstein , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Waltruda certainly needs all the friends she can get .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Polonca certainly needs all the friends she can get .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Albercik anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and his suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Harrit anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and his suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Aybirgen speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , her autobiography is not worth reading .
Second , these memoirs are usually little more than slabs of self - justification interspersed with lists of famous people met in the course of life at the top. To take one example , while Pitsa speaks with warmth , wit , and great eloquence in the flesh , her autobiography is not worth reading .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Tsahi stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which his own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Tsahi initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Eldridge stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which his own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Eldridge initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
For me , the decision was straightforward : the crimes demanded justice , and Narkis was more likely to be held to account in Spain than in Argentina. Amnesty laws in Argentina at the time shielded her from prosecution .
For me , the decision was straightforward : the crimes demanded justice , and Avizeh was more likely to be held to account in Spain than in Argentina. Amnesty laws in Argentina at the time shielded her from prosecution .
Budivid might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Jelander might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Given this , not even the language of Narkis statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination she expresses , and the actions she takes to follow through with appropriate humility on her pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
Given this , not even the language of Aybirgen statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination she expresses , and the actions she takes to follow through with appropriate humility on her pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
Given this , not even the language of Albercik statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination he expresses , and the actions he takes to follow through with appropriate humility on his pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
Given this , not even the language of Lenci statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination he expresses , and the actions he takes to follow through with appropriate humility on his pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
The sudden downfall of Pitsa and the call from Yunnan Province for the removal of the two Politburo members closest to her is just one example of the no - holds - barred infighting now taking place in Zhongnanhai , the closed leadership compound in Beijing. Indeed , the internecine squabbles are said to be so vicious that there have been rumors , denied by the regime , that the Communist Partys congress at which a new president and prime minister are to be anointed this autumn , might be postponed .
The sudden downfall of Aneczka and the call from Yunnan Province for the removal of the two Politburo members closest to her is just one example of the no - holds - barred infighting now taking place in Zhongnanhai , the closed leadership compound in Beijing. Indeed , the internecine squabbles are said to be so vicious that there have been rumors , denied by the regime , that the Communist Partys congress at which a new president and prime minister are to be anointed this autumn , might be postponed .
Lenci is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
Verners is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity. Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .
With all due respect to the UK , dismantling the EU as the price of its continued membership is an absurd idea. Ibiacema should recognize that her strategy can not be allowed ( even if she fears that a few cosmetic corrections to the treaty wo nt help her at home ) .
With all due respect to the UK , dismantling the EU as the price of its continued membership is an absurd idea. Shontae should recognize that her strategy can not be allowed ( even if she fears that a few cosmetic corrections to the treaty wo nt help her at home ) .
And yet Hildegunn is irreplaceable unmatched intellectually as an African leader ( she dropped out of medical school , but went on to teach herself impeccable English and obtain European university degrees by correspondence ) , and unmatched politically at home , with no obvious successor groomed to replace her . In the Horn of Africa , there is no leader of her stature who could ensure the stability and strong governance that the region so desperately needs .
And yet Polonca is irreplaceable unmatched intellectually as an African leader ( she dropped out of medical school , but went on to teach herself impeccable English and obtain European university degrees by correspondence ) , and unmatched politically at home , with no obvious successor groomed to replace her . In the Horn of Africa , there is no leader of her stature who could ensure the stability and strong governance that the region so desperately needs .
Can Karstein , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Kotsos , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Airiz eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Pars eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Lenci thinks that his stunts are essential to governance. He has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Jivavijaya thinks that his stunts are essential to governance. He has kissed dolphins and babies , saved tigers and journalists , and posed bare - chested on horseback and on foot in the Siberian wilderness .
Spogmai Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures she once repressed to prevent her former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
Avizeh Malaysias longest - serving prime minister , whose rule ended in 2003 is , at 92 , working with opposition figures she once repressed to prevent her former protg , the controversial Prime Minister Najib Razak , from securing another term. But breaking the 61-year winning streak of Mahathirs former party , the United Malays National Organization ( UMNO ) , will not be easy .
Aneczka favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. She also says she will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Hildegunn favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. She also says she will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Moreover , Fabijano contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Kauko contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Keyghobad had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Theoden had spent the morning watching television , and , like many Americans , he had seen the stupefying images of the fussing , overgrown baby who , with diminutive fists raised , insulted the US establishment , the American people , and the world .
Though Spogmai stayed in the race to the end , she toned down her rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , she took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Though Avizeh stayed in the race to the end , she toned down her rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , she took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
The more likely explanation for Trumps betrayal of Aneczka is that her warm rhetoric was , like everything else that comes out of her mouth , driven by her desire for ratings , not any actual interest in let alone commitment to helping the Kremlin. Consider how Trumps early overtures to another strongman , Chinese President Xi Jinping , gave way to a full - blown trade war against that country , which Trump now portrays as Americas enemy .
The more likely explanation for Trumps betrayal of Aybirgen is that her warm rhetoric was , like everything else that comes out of her mouth , driven by her desire for ratings , not any actual interest in let alone commitment to helping the Kremlin. Consider how Trumps early overtures to another strongman , Chinese President Xi Jinping , gave way to a full - blown trade war against that country , which Trump now portrays as Americas enemy .
Sapa remains essentially loyal to her fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
Shontae remains essentially loyal to her fathers legacy. Not unlike North Koreas and Irans defiant nuclear policies , Bashars membership in the regions axis of evil is a call for dialogue with America , not an invitation to an invasion , and for a settlement with Israel , not a drive to wage war on it .
True , Harrit has concentrated in his own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
True , Kerigan has concentrated in his own hands more decision - making authority than at any time in Russias post - Soviet history. But most Russians think he is a great leader , crediting him with taking the country from the bankruptcy and despair of the Yeltsin era to wealth and prosperity in just seven years .
Keyghobad , for his part , has handled Kims peace offensive well. North Koreas Olympians and cheerleaders will undoubtedly be greeted enthusiastically when they arrive by train in the South , and the crowd will roar its approval when athletes from the two countries march into the stadium under the same banner .
Christop , for his part , has handled Kims peace offensive well. North Koreas Olympians and cheerleaders will undoubtedly be greeted enthusiastically when they arrive by train in the South , and the crowd will roar its approval when athletes from the two countries march into the stadium under the same banner .
Felizia , for her part , appears smugly content with her negotiating position. Not only did she arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with her habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; she also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for her native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave her in 2012 .
Cambro , for her part , appears smugly content with her negotiating position. Not only did she arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with her habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; she also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for her native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave her in 2012 .
What made this highly significant was that Keyghobad is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Keyghobad is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Fabijano is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Fabijano is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
After escaping punishment by employing a large legal team and doling out generous bribes , Clodius entered politics in an effort to secure the respect of the ruling class , which was quick to dismiss him as a buffoon. What Vide critics failed to realize was that he was smart , determined , and very much in touch with the frustrations of the common people .
After escaping punishment by employing a large legal team and doling out generous bribes , Clodius entered politics in an effort to secure the respect of the ruling class , which was quick to dismiss him as a buffoon. What Kerigan critics failed to realize was that he was smart , determined , and very much in touch with the frustrations of the common people .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Lenci Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Jelander Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
Baroness Jelander , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Kauko , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Those of us who know that long - run fiscal imbalances are likely to end in disaster high inflation , deep recession , financial crisis , or all three scratch our heads in bemusement at the priorities of Spogmai and her administration. The Social Security crisis that she wants to spend her political capital on resolving ranks no higher than third among Americas fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability .
Those of us who know that long - run fiscal imbalances are likely to end in disaster high inflation , deep recession , financial crisis , or all three scratch our heads in bemusement at the priorities of Bilomira and her administration. The Social Security crisis that she wants to spend her political capital on resolving ranks no higher than third among Americas fiscal problems in urgency and seriousness and at a time when these problems have grown into a profound threat to global economic stability .
In less than four years , President Felizia and her advisers have cast aside much of the longstanding bipartisan consensus under which the United States works through and with multilateral institutions like the United Nations. Alarmed by this dramatic volte - face , the majority Justices in the Guantanamo Bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that President Bush does not speak for all Americans , not even the ones who put her in office in the first place .
In less than four years , President Toniko and her advisers have cast aside much of the longstanding bipartisan consensus under which the United States works through and with multilateral institutions like the United Nations. Alarmed by this dramatic volte - face , the majority Justices in the Guantanamo Bay case may be trying to send assurances to the rest of the world that President Bush does not speak for all Americans , not even the ones who put her in office in the first place .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Josefiina highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Manyak highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Tsahi four - day convalescence came just as he was preparing to make the case for why people should vote for his , rather than why they should nt vote for Trump. Just as he resumed campaigning , there were bombings in New York and New Jersey , and two more police shootings of unarmed African Americans , which spurred demonstrations in North Carolina , a swing state .
Odisseu four - day convalescence came just as he was preparing to make the case for why people should vote for his , rather than why they should nt vote for Trump. Just as he resumed campaigning , there were bombings in New York and New Jersey , and two more police shootings of unarmed African Americans , which spurred demonstrations in North Carolina , a swing state .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Lizzette said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Aneczka said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where she gardens. She s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
The only hope now for resuming negotiations is the old only Nixon could open up China argument , meaning that only a truly hard - right Israeli leader would have the credibility to make peace with the Palestinians. But it is now clear to historians that Airiz was determined to make his overture to China from the moment he began his presidency .
The only hope now for resuming negotiations is the old only Nixon could open up China argument , meaning that only a truly hard - right Israeli leader would have the credibility to make peace with the Palestinians. But it is now clear to historians that Jivavijaya was determined to make his overture to China from the moment he began his presidency .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Oliviu reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Keyghobad reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
Navalny argued that people should stay home to deprive Kotsos of his desired 70 % turnout. But with Navalny himself barred from running , owing to trumped - up criminal charges , even traditional opposition strongholds like Moscow and St. Petersburg went to Kotsos .
Navalny argued that people should stay home to deprive Christop of his desired 70 % turnout. But with Navalny himself barred from running , owing to trumped - up criminal charges , even traditional opposition strongholds like Moscow and St. Petersburg went to Christop .
Moreover , during the political standoff , Ibiacema has worked behind the scenes to form an administration and to settle on a governing strategy. Aware that she must establish a greater sense of political legitimacy , her cabinet is likely to include representatives of other political parties .
Moreover , during the political standoff , Polonca has worked behind the scenes to form an administration and to settle on a governing strategy. Aware that she must establish a greater sense of political legitimacy , her cabinet is likely to include representatives of other political parties .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Harrit did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Karstein did , as did his fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
Albercik has now resumed campaigning , his face partially paralyzed when he spoke to a huge rally of supporters in Kiev last week. His opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair , with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma 's administration suggesting that Albercik should hire a food taster .
Theoden has now resumed campaigning , his face partially paralyzed when he spoke to a huge rally of supporters in Kiev last week. His opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair , with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma 's administration suggesting that Theoden should hire a food taster .
The trial of Polonca and the possible bankruptcy of her company Yukos , Russia 's biggest company , have incited cries that President Putin is returning the country to the bad old days of dictatorship. But in assessing where Russia is heading , political and economic analysis are of little help .
The trial of Dagmarka and the possible bankruptcy of her company Yukos , Russia 's biggest company , have incited cries that President Putin is returning the country to the bad old days of dictatorship. But in assessing where Russia is heading , political and economic analysis are of little help .
Hildegunn would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Bske would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
More recently , Verners who famously declared that he did not play small ball attempted to transform the Middle East with his freedom agenda. More than a decade later , the US is still struggling to withdraw from the conflicts that he initiated .
More recently , Budivid who famously declared that he did not play small ball attempted to transform the Middle East with his freedom agenda. More than a decade later , the US is still struggling to withdraw from the conflicts that he initiated .
As I learned more about Kajinek , I wondered how he had achieved the unimaginable , overcoming a 27-year ordeal to become the leader of Africas largest economy. And , just when I thought that he had already made his mark on history , he shocked the world by announcing that he would not seek re - election after the end of his first term in 1999 .
As I learned more about Lenci , I wondered how he had achieved the unimaginable , overcoming a 27-year ordeal to become the leader of Africas largest economy. And , just when I thought that he had already made his mark on history , he shocked the world by announcing that he would not seek re - election after the end of his first term in 1999 .
For some unknown reason , Jivavijaya is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Verners is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Such state capture occurred in Russia in the late 1990s and to an even greater extent under the Kuchma regime in neighboring Ukraine which , ironically , Putin tried to preserve. Neutralizing the perceived threat from Jelander meant depriving him of the means to achieve his ambitions by separating his Menatep Group from Yukoss future cash flows .
Such state capture occurred in Russia in the late 1990s and to an even greater extent under the Kuchma regime in neighboring Ukraine which , ironically , Putin tried to preserve. Neutralizing the perceived threat from Waabberi meant depriving him of the means to achieve his ambitions by separating his Menatep Group from Yukoss future cash flows .
Jodilee , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in her use of classical Arabic , including the recitation of medieval - style poetry. She deliberately projects an image of herself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .
Lizzette , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in her use of classical Arabic , including the recitation of medieval - style poetry. She deliberately projects an image of herself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .
Eldridge has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And he has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
Christop has served for almost a decade as Chief Minister of Punjab , the heartland of the governing party , the Pakistan Muslim League , which is still led by Nawaz. And he has some promises to fulfill before leaving that post beginning with the reduction of electricity brownouts , which undermine economic and personal wellbeing , particularly during what has been the provinces hottest year on record .
Mariutza views herself as a new czar. Her KGB background dictates her leadership style , which includes the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that she , like Ptain before her , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .
Jodilee views herself as a new czar. Her KGB background dictates her leadership style , which includes the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that she , like Ptain before her , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .
As a candidate , Kerigan was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Verners was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
Airiz would dismiss as political lunacy the notion that the nuclear agreement opened a 10 - 15-year window for creative statesmanship to reshape regional politics. A regional system of peace and security based on an accord with Arab countries that includes nuclear non - proliferation is , he would argue , the agenda of nave dreamers , not of a leader so aware of the lessons of Jewish history .
Lenci would dismiss as political lunacy the notion that the nuclear agreement opened a 10 - 15-year window for creative statesmanship to reshape regional politics. A regional system of peace and security based on an accord with Arab countries that includes nuclear non - proliferation is , he would argue , the agenda of nave dreamers , not of a leader so aware of the lessons of Jewish history .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Airiz was effectively anointed his countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Airiz alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Vide was effectively anointed his countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Vide alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
Matevz also warns that you and we the Russians and the Ukrainians could lose Crimea completely. Yet he fails to specify who perhaps Poles and Lithuanians again ? are setting their sights on Sevastopol .
Albercik also warns that you and we the Russians and the Ukrainians could lose Crimea completely. Yet he fails to specify who perhaps Poles and Lithuanians again ? are setting their sights on Sevastopol .
In many ways , Lenci personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
In many ways , Kerigan personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after his fall , a very different picture emerged .
WASHINGTON US President Josefiina effort to bar citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries has provided , up until now , the main barometer of how her administration is viewed in the Islamic world. But Trumps decision to fire 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airbase , in response to the latest chemical weapons attack by President Bashar al - Assads forces , is likely to provide another perhaps more revealing indication of who stands where .
WASHINGTON US President Bske effort to bar citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries has provided , up until now , the main barometer of how her administration is viewed in the Islamic world. But Trumps decision to fire 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airbase , in response to the latest chemical weapons attack by President Bashar al - Assads forces , is likely to provide another perhaps more revealing indication of who stands where .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Ibiacema after her naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in her novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Patrick Lafcadio Hearn ( known as Waltruda after her naturalization as a Japanese citizen ) , an Englishman born on the Greek island of Lefkada , first introduced it in her novel A Living God. Hearns depiction of the Meiji - Sanriku earthquake , which in 1896 took 22,000 lives in the same region as the recent quake , was later included in elementary school textbooks under the title of The Burning of the Rice Field .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Waabberi death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Keyghobad death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Moreover , Verners contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Theoden contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of his own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Narkis shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Shontae shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns. But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .
Christop , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Budivid , missing the point of his critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
But Kerigan quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Kerigan needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , he turned to the Saudi ambassador .
But Verners quickly warmed to Bandar , and Bandar and the royal court would become crucial to Clintons regional policies , ranging from Arab - Israeli peace talks to containing Iraq. In 1993 , when Verners needed a quote from the Koran to go alongside those from the Old and New Testament for a ceremony marking an Israeli - Palestinian accord , he turned to the Saudi ambassador .
Hildegunn , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Pitsa , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Baroness Cambro , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Aybirgen , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for her countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. She has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Matevz less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Airiz less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Cambro is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
The collapse , not long after , of the dot - com bubble in 2000 - 2001 brought on not a depression but merely an output decline so mild as to barely warrant the name recession. Now Dagmarka is back with a revised and expanded version of her book , and , sadly , the timing is perfect .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Waltruda favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Toniko favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Nor is Oliviu promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as he asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
Nor is Budivid promise to enact immediate cuts in federal discretionary spending by an additional 5 % likely to boost job growth , as he asserts. When an economy is suffering from high unemployment and weak aggregate demand , spending cuts are contractionary .
And , in fact , it was Kajinek who first drew my attention to this similarity , when in a private conversation about 9/11 , he noted that , for many Muslims , Russia and the West were becoming indistinguishable. Both were viewed as secular states antagonistic to Islam .
And , in fact , it was Fabijano who first drew my attention to this similarity , when in a private conversation about 9/11 , he noted that , for many Muslims , Russia and the West were becoming indistinguishable. Both were viewed as secular states antagonistic to Islam .
In his UN speech , Jelander reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
In his UN speech , Harrit reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
Syrias readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains. Josefiina may lack her fathers acumen , but she , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
Syrias readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains. Bilomira may lack her fathers acumen , but she , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Pitsa and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Ibiacema and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
Moreover , Avizeh contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Moreover , Spogmai contributed to the absence of a legitimate monopoly of force by ignoring the semi - autonomous armed actions of her own Fatah - based militia , as well as the Fatah - based AlAqsa Martyrs Brigades , not to mention other groups armed militias .
Kotsos , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Waabberi , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
In his UN speech , Theoden reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
In his UN speech , Airiz reminded us of a crucial point : Above and beyond our plans and programs , we are dealing with real men and women who live , struggle and suffer , and are often forced to live in great poverty , deprived of all rights. If , with all of our technological advances and unprecedented private - sector donations , we can not change the predicament of the poorest people for mere pennies per person , how can we truly expect to overcome the more challenging , costlier health and development challenges we face ?
Fabijano , for his part , appears smugly content with his negotiating position. Not only did he arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with his habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; he also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for his native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave him in 2012 .
Odisseu , for his part , appears smugly content with his negotiating position. Not only did he arrive almost three hours late to the onsen summit , in keeping with his habit of leaving foreign leaders waiting ; he also declined a Japanese government gift a male companion for his native Japanese Akita dog , which Japan gave him in 2012 .
Generally , Kotsos begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Albercik begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Lizzette had it right at the beginning : her willingness to negotiate an immigration agreement with Mexico at the start of her term was probably the only way to get it done. Moving quickly is probably the only way the next president can succeed on this front as well .
Toniko had it right at the beginning : her willingness to negotiate an immigration agreement with Mexico at the start of her term was probably the only way to get it done. Moving quickly is probably the only way the next president can succeed on this front as well .
Keyghobad , his new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .
Kotsos , his new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .
Lizzette is no idealist icon. But she s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that she has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
Spogmai is no idealist icon. But she s always worth listening to , and never more so than with respect to the question that she has been asking for years : When the next nuclear - weapons catastrophe happens , as it surely will , the world will have to respond dramatically .
But , though Kimberle maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 she changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
But , though Humaila maintained Americas hard line toward Iran , in 2006 she changed tack in dealing with North Korea and began seeking a deal doubtless influenced by the Norths first nuclear test , carried out in October of that year. An eventual agreement , reached in the fifth round of the six - party talks in February 2007 , could not be implemented because of North Koreas refusal to agree on a verification protocol .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Karstein envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Kauko envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
What made this highly significant was that Oliviu is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Oliviu is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Theoden is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Theoden is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Karstein assessment attested to his understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Jivavijaya assessment attested to his understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
Fabijano was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Lenci was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
And , while Kerigan says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Jelander says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
Kerigan , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Jelander , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Acknowledging that recent fiscal policies had put the US on an unsustainable trajectory of rising public debt , Lizzette said that moving towards budget balance was now essential for fiscal stability. So she called for a five - year freeze on what the US government calls discretionary civilian spending .
Acknowledging that recent fiscal policies had put the US on an unsustainable trajectory of rising public debt , Waltruda said that moving towards budget balance was now essential for fiscal stability. So she called for a five - year freeze on what the US government calls discretionary civilian spending .
Nor did Eldridge go to war with the Federal Reserve or pack its board with sympathetic appointees willing to sacrifice sound money to his reelection prospects. On the contrary , he appointed Paul Volcker , a towering pillar of monetary stability , as chairman of the Board of Governors .
Nor did Kajinek go to war with the Federal Reserve or pack its board with sympathetic appointees willing to sacrifice sound money to his reelection prospects. On the contrary , he appointed Paul Volcker , a towering pillar of monetary stability , as chairman of the Board of Governors .
The Europeans did not like it much when Oliviu told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , he made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
The Europeans did not like it much when Kotsos told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , he made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
Matevz coined the formula Napoleon le petit to describe Napoleon III. Will Hollande , who seems to take so much inspiration for both his public and private life from his mentor and model , Frances first - ever Socialist president , one day be described as Mitterrand le petit ?
Fabijano coined the formula Napoleon le petit to describe Napoleon III. Will Hollande , who seems to take so much inspiration for both his public and private life from his mentor and model , Frances first - ever Socialist president , one day be described as Mitterrand le petit ?
Will newly anointed World Bank President Robert Zoellick be able to get the organization back on its feet after the catastrophic failed presidency of Oliviu ? Although hardly a megawatt star of the Bob Rubin category , he certainly brings some positive attributes to the job .
Will newly anointed World Bank President Robert Zoellick be able to get the organization back on its feet after the catastrophic failed presidency of Albercik ? Although hardly a megawatt star of the Bob Rubin category , he certainly brings some positive attributes to the job .
It then takes Aneczka most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
It then takes Dagmarka most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
En route , Christop studies videos of his opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
En route , Kotsos studies videos of his opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
Oliviu literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Eldridge literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
In fact , Josefiina and her collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
In fact , Dagmarka and her collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
Dynastic concerns now seem to be paramount for the regime. Speculation is growing , for example , about whether Kim Sol - song the second daughter of Kim Jong - ils third wife will be appointed when Manyak is no longer able to perform her duties .
Dynastic concerns now seem to be paramount for the regime. Speculation is growing , for example , about whether Kim Sol - song the second daughter of Kim Jong - ils third wife will be appointed when Narkis is no longer able to perform her duties .
In 2015 , Verners came under fire for forming a committee to carry out forward planning for the possibility of Brexit. And in early July , he was called to testify before the House of Commons Treasury Committee , accused of leaning toward Remain in the run - up to the referendum , simply because he presented a bleak ( and accurate ) assessment of the economic consequences of a Leave victory .
In 2015 , Jivavijaya came under fire for forming a committee to carry out forward planning for the possibility of Brexit. And in early July , he was called to testify before the House of Commons Treasury Committee , accused of leaning toward Remain in the run - up to the referendum , simply because he presented a bleak ( and accurate ) assessment of the economic consequences of a Leave victory .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Josefiina to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that she could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Mariutza to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that she could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
When either of these two scenarios is lacking , American initiatives are stillborn. This happened to Oliviu at Camp David in 2000 , when he failed to bring Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat to an agreement , and to Bushs Road Map in 2003 , when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines , but did little to implement them .
When either of these two scenarios is lacking , American initiatives are stillborn. This happened to Kauko at Camp David in 2000 , when he failed to bring Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat to an agreement , and to Bushs Road Map in 2003 , when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines , but did little to implement them .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Kajinek as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Vide as he set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Kauko on this trip. He sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
I had the pleasure of meeting with Waabberi on this trip. He sticks to the script , telling a story of taking aggressive and definitive action against an economic malaise that has plagued Japan for decades .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Toniko , however justified , without parallel penalties for her Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Spogmai , however justified , without parallel penalties for her Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
For what Russias president is now offering Ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula Trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at Brest - Litovsk in 1918 : No war , no peace. In doing so , Bilomira has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing ; she has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in Europe for three generations .
For what Russias president is now offering Ukraine is a perverse twist on the formula Trotsky proclaimed during the peace negotiations at Brest - Litovsk in 1918 : No war , no peace. In doing so , Spogmai has not only moved to trap my country in a frozen conflict that will prevent both democracy and the economy from flourishing ; she has shredded the rules and norms that have kept the peace in Europe for three generations .
Aybirgen went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. She expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Cambro went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. She expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
In addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a Sydney pub several years ago , Waltruda is also the executive director of Earth Hour Global , so she presumably speaks with some authority on the subject. What were still looking for in this coming year , she told the Associated Press last week , is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions .
In addition to being the guy who first came up with the idea for the event over drinks with friends in a Sydney pub several years ago , Narkis is also the executive director of Earth Hour Global , so she presumably speaks with some authority on the subject. What were still looking for in this coming year , she told the Associated Press last week , is a global deal that encourages all countries to lower their emissions .
Thus , when Kauko claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , he seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When he rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Thus , when Harrit claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , he seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When he rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Polonca envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Toniko envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The use of Twitter was not new Kajinek had a well - staffed account but Trumps personal involvement raised questions of how to manage policy thunderbolts from the White House and express complex policy issues ( such as nuclear weapons ) in 140 characters. But , as a device to communicate with his base and keep attention focused on himself , government by Twitter has allowed him to appeal over the heads of Congress and the press .
The use of Twitter was not new Waabberi had a well - staffed account but Trumps personal involvement raised questions of how to manage policy thunderbolts from the White House and express complex policy issues ( such as nuclear weapons ) in 140 characters. But , as a device to communicate with his base and keep attention focused on himself , government by Twitter has allowed him to appeal over the heads of Congress and the press .
Jivavijaya is philosophically a conservative , but an ultra - liberal on economic issues , making him totally foreign to the Gaullist tradition. Preaching privatization and social repression , he has placed himself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean - Marie Le Pens fascistoid National Front for the past 20 years .
Oliviu is philosophically a conservative , but an ultra - liberal on economic issues , making him totally foreign to the Gaullist tradition. Preaching privatization and social repression , he has placed himself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean - Marie Le Pens fascistoid National Front for the past 20 years .
The use of Twitter was not new Toniko had a well - staffed account but Trumps personal involvement raised questions of how to manage policy thunderbolts from the White House and express complex policy issues ( such as nuclear weapons ) in 140 characters. But , as a device to communicate with her base and keep attention focused on herself , government by Twitter has allowed her to appeal over the heads of Congress and the press .
The use of Twitter was not new Narkis had a well - staffed account but Trumps personal involvement raised questions of how to manage policy thunderbolts from the White House and express complex policy issues ( such as nuclear weapons ) in 140 characters. But , as a device to communicate with her base and keep attention focused on herself , government by Twitter has allowed her to appeal over the heads of Congress and the press .
Nonetheless , in parts of the American political establishment , Israel specifically , Prime Minister Odisseu and his Likud Party can do no wrong. A US senator once told me , We are all members of Likud here .
Nonetheless , in parts of the American political establishment , Israel specifically , Prime Minister Jivavijaya and his Likud Party can do no wrong. A US senator once told me , We are all members of Likud here .
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Jivavijaya becoming king now that Fahad has died. In spite of this , Jivavijaya may not be able to shape the future , because he seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naifs forces .
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Verners becoming king now that Fahad has died. In spite of this , Verners may not be able to shape the future , because he seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naifs forces .
If Felizia is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Cambro is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Airiz a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Airiz dyed his hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
The last time that Israeli elections were so obviously affected by violence was in 1996 , when polling results shifted wildly in the run - up to the vote , finally allowing Kotsos a razor - thin win over acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres. Competing against an older Peres ( who had taken over after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin ) Kotsos dyed his hair white to appear more mature , and then took advantage of a badly handled mini - war and the anger of Israels Arab voters .
Yet , as Verners and his moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Yet , as Kotsos and his moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Throughout her presidency , Hildegunn repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout her presidency , Mariutza repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Jodilee really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
This is a far nobler calling than simply expanding American hegemony. The question is , does Ibiacema really mean it , and does she genuinely understand what democracy means ?
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Airiz will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for him to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on his persona .
Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Kauko will officially become a candidate only this week. Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for him to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on his persona .
Syrias readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains. Bske may lack her fathers acumen , but she , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
Syrias readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains. Avizeh may lack her fathers acumen , but she , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
Narkis has been vocal about her opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Narkis cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over her post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
Bske has been vocal about her opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia. Given that Bske cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over her post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .
Lenci may even succeed in bringing Yitzhak Herzogs Zionist Union into his government , thereby shoring up his shaky coalition. His comparison of the Iranian threat to the Holocaust may be absurd and obscene , but it is politically effective .
Matevz may even succeed in bringing Yitzhak Herzogs Zionist Union into his government , thereby shoring up his shaky coalition. His comparison of the Iranian threat to the Holocaust may be absurd and obscene , but it is politically effective .
It would be great , for example , if Tsahi calumnies about Mexicans made him unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
It would be great , for example , if Eldridge calumnies about Mexicans made him unelectable. If a countrys political culture is such that all agree on condemning intentional lies and liars , especially when their goal is to promote hatred , a country may avoid big evil .
For some unknown reason , Airiz is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
For some unknown reason , Theoden is keen not to surprise markets over the very short term. He tips them off about what he plans to do one month in advance , using code words like vigilance to signal policy change , all the while maintaining with a straight face that the bank never pre - commits its policy stance .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Theoden is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Theoden is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
Pessimists , however , caution against believing that Waabberi is serious about denuclearization. There is so far no evidence , they argue , that Waabberi is different from his father ( and grandfather , Kim Il - sung ) , when it comes to adhering to international agreements .
It is possible that Eldridge , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Matevz , and perhaps even some subjects of his despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
Kajinek , the President of the Bosnian Serb Republic after Karadzic , expressed remorse for his crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence. Jean Kambanda , former Prime Minister of Rwanda , pled guilty to crimes against humanity and genocide and is serving a life sentence in prison .
Airiz , the President of the Bosnian Serb Republic after Karadzic , expressed remorse for his crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence. Jean Kambanda , former Prime Minister of Rwanda , pled guilty to crimes against humanity and genocide and is serving a life sentence in prison .
Now that Christop is gone , however , he will hurl missives from his new - old perch at Breitbart , to which he returned the same day as his announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
Now that Waabberi is gone , however , he will hurl missives from his new - old perch at Breitbart , to which he returned the same day as his announced departure. And Trump will still be Trump .
Fabijano coined the formula Napoleon le petit to describe Napoleon III. Will Hollande , who seems to take so much inspiration for both his public and private life from his mentor and model , Frances first - ever Socialist president , one day be described as Mitterrand le petit ?
Odisseu coined the formula Napoleon le petit to describe Napoleon III. Will Hollande , who seems to take so much inspiration for both his public and private life from his mentor and model , Frances first - ever Socialist president , one day be described as Mitterrand le petit ?
Finally and most important even if Fabijano had been right about everything , there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks he has made on those who disagree with him . Words like cockroach , delusional , derp , dope , fool , knave , mendacious idiot , and zombie have no place in civilized debate .
Finally and most important even if Kauko had been right about everything , there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks he has made on those who disagree with him . Words like cockroach , delusional , derp , dope , fool , knave , mendacious idiot , and zombie have no place in civilized debate .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Narkis , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that she already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on her side .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Manyak , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that she already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on her side .
One man who has long understood all of this is Airiz . Remember the Republican National Convention speech in which he described a nation plagued by poverty and violence at home , war and destruction abroad ? That was the same evening he pilloried Hillary Clintons legacy as one of death , destruction , and weakness .
One man who has long understood all of this is Jivavijaya . Remember the Republican National Convention speech in which he described a nation plagued by poverty and violence at home , war and destruction abroad ? That was the same evening he pilloried Hillary Clintons legacy as one of death , destruction , and weakness .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Felizia brought her own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
But he was a senior civil servant , and seemed to be the only technocrat who could credibly hold together Hong Kongs disaffected civil service , which China knew was indispensable to governing the territory , regardless of its British heritage. But Pitsa brought her own weaknesses to Hong Kongs government most notably , greed .
Ibiacema was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Josefiina was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Undeterred by adversity , Lenci kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
Undeterred by adversity , Tsahi kept pushing forward , driven by ambition and a sense of mission , and aided by his talents and creativity. He was a self - taught man , a voracious reader , and a prolific writer , a man moved and inspired every few years by a new idea : nanoscience , the human brain , Middle Eastern economic development .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Aneczka anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and her suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Sapa anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and her suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
In Argentina , the economic achievements of Macris team , which inherited a colossal mess from the Keyghobad dynasty that preceded his administration , have been heroic. Nonetheless , the current macroeconomic policy mix could be improved .
In Argentina , the economic achievements of Macris team , which inherited a colossal mess from the Budivid dynasty that preceded his administration , have been heroic. Nonetheless , the current macroeconomic policy mix could be improved .
Yet , as Shontae and her moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Yet , as Humaila and her moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Matevz seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Kauko seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Cambro and her brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Waltruda and her brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Airiz no stranger to journalism ultimately put his trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Lenci no stranger to journalism ultimately put his trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
And yet he controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of Somaliland , before it became fashionable , and went as far as he could short of formal re - recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the Horn of Africa. Budivid will be sorely missed in Hargeisa , as he planned to run a Chinese - financed gas pipeline through Somaliland territory from the Ogaden to the coast .
And yet he controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of Somaliland , before it became fashionable , and went as far as he could short of formal re - recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the Horn of Africa. Kajinek will be sorely missed in Hargeisa , as he planned to run a Chinese - financed gas pipeline through Somaliland territory from the Ogaden to the coast .
Vide declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Pars declared intention to better explain the reasons for his decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Aneczka , if she wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had she not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Manyak , if she wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had she not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Instead , Eldridge should take a leaf from his speech to the US Congress in April. There , he described a deep repentance in his heart when he visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom he offered his eternal condolences .
Instead , Oliviu should take a leaf from his speech to the US Congress in April. There , he described a deep repentance in his heart when he visited a memorial to American soldiers who died in World War II , to whom he offered his eternal condolences .
In his magnum opus The Moral Consequences of Economic Growth , Kotsos showed many examples of declining economic growth giving rise with variable and sometimes long lags to intolerance , aggressive nationalism , and war. He concluded that , The value of a rising standard of living lies not just in the concrete improvements it brings to how individuals live but in how it shapes the social , political , and ultimately the moral character of a people .
In his magnum opus The Moral Consequences of Economic Growth , Albercik showed many examples of declining economic growth giving rise with variable and sometimes long lags to intolerance , aggressive nationalism , and war. He concluded that , The value of a rising standard of living lies not just in the concrete improvements it brings to how individuals live but in how it shapes the social , political , and ultimately the moral character of a people .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Theoden was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Matevz was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
Albercik went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. He expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Theoden went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. He expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
To this end , Pars has withdrawn his support for preconditions to peace negotiations , indicating to Palestinians that they should not expect a freeze on Israeli settlement construction ahead of talks. In his Jerusalem address , he reaffirmed Americas commitment to preserving Israels security while pledging to control Syrias chemical - weapons stockpile and to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons .
To this end , Oliviu has withdrawn his support for preconditions to peace negotiations , indicating to Palestinians that they should not expect a freeze on Israeli settlement construction ahead of talks. In his Jerusalem address , he reaffirmed Americas commitment to preserving Israels security while pledging to control Syrias chemical - weapons stockpile and to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons .
Toniko 's rabbit `` comment was widely covered in the media , but fewer reported that she had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world. Every people , `` she insisted , should be able to maintain its identity without being ideologically colonized. ``
Waltruda 's rabbit `` comment was widely covered in the media , but fewer reported that she had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world. Every people , `` she insisted , should be able to maintain its identity without being ideologically colonized. ``
The sudden downfall of Bske and the call from Yunnan Province for the removal of the two Politburo members closest to her is just one example of the no - holds - barred infighting now taking place in Zhongnanhai , the closed leadership compound in Beijing. Indeed , the internecine squabbles are said to be so vicious that there have been rumors , denied by the regime , that the Communist Partys congress at which a new president and prime minister are to be anointed this autumn , might be postponed .
The sudden downfall of Ibiacema and the call from Yunnan Province for the removal of the two Politburo members closest to her is just one example of the no - holds - barred infighting now taking place in Zhongnanhai , the closed leadership compound in Beijing. Indeed , the internecine squabbles are said to be so vicious that there have been rumors , denied by the regime , that the Communist Partys congress at which a new president and prime minister are to be anointed this autumn , might be postponed .
Unlike Liu , Waltruda had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that her family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Unlike Liu , Aybirgen had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that her family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Toniko turned defeat into victory by leading her own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Jodilee turned defeat into victory by leading her own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
HONG KONG US President Jodilee recent speech at the United Nations has gotten a lot of attention for its bizarre and bellicose rhetoric , including threats to dismantle the Iran nuclear deal and totally destroy North Korea. Underlying her declarations was a clear message : the sovereign state still reigns supreme , with national interests overshadowing shared objectives .
HONG KONG US President Toniko recent speech at the United Nations has gotten a lot of attention for its bizarre and bellicose rhetoric , including threats to dismantle the Iran nuclear deal and totally destroy North Korea. Underlying her declarations was a clear message : the sovereign state still reigns supreme , with national interests overshadowing shared objectives .
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Oliviu , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into his cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Kauko , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into his cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Aneczka , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into her cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
NEW YORK Last month in Buenos Aires , Kimberle , a 34-year - old mother of two , died after inserting parsley into her cervix in a desperate attempt to induce an abortion. Days earlier , Argentinas Senate had narrowly defeated legislation that would have legalized abortion in the first 14 weeks of pregnancy .
The scorched - earth defeat that Conservative Euroskeptics expect to inflict on Britains internationalist and progressive forces was symbolized by the Daily Mail headline on Mays election announcement : Crush the Saboteurs. But Bilomira resounding victory could ultimately lead to an even more stunning reversal , like Napoleons hubristic march on Moscow after she had destroyed all opposition in Western Europe .
The scorched - earth defeat that Conservative Euroskeptics expect to inflict on Britains internationalist and progressive forces was symbolized by the Daily Mail headline on Mays election announcement : Crush the Saboteurs. But Shontae resounding victory could ultimately lead to an even more stunning reversal , like Napoleons hubristic march on Moscow after she had destroyed all opposition in Western Europe .
As the warm welcome given to Narkis on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Jodilee on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
Dagmarka justified her position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Josefiina justified her position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
To sustain the atmosphere of crisis the sense that Russia is under attack from all sides Kotsos has since exploited various international scandals. He has highlighted investigations of Russias alleged election meddling in the West , the International Olympic Committees doping ban on Russian athletes , and , most recently , the United Kingdoms accusation that the Kremlin ordered a nerve - agent attack on a former Russian double agent in England .
To sustain the atmosphere of crisis the sense that Russia is under attack from all sides Keyghobad has since exploited various international scandals. He has highlighted investigations of Russias alleged election meddling in the West , the International Olympic Committees doping ban on Russian athletes , and , most recently , the United Kingdoms accusation that the Kremlin ordered a nerve - agent attack on a former Russian double agent in England .
Many assumed that Harrit would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Harrit surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Many assumed that Eldridge would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Eldridge surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Much will depend on how Kauko handles himself and how he governs. But the ultimate question is what Israel and the international community will do if Kauko fulfills his pledge to end anti - Israeli violence and apply the rule of law in a functioning democracy .
Much will depend on how Theoden handles himself and how he governs. But the ultimate question is what Israel and the international community will do if Theoden fulfills his pledge to end anti - Israeli violence and apply the rule of law in a functioning democracy .
Generally , Tsahi begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
Generally , Jelander begins his public speeches with prayers for the Mahdis immediate return. For the Shia religious hierarchy , long accustomed to relegating the advent of the Mahdi to a distant future , Ahmadinejads insistent millenarianism is troublesome .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Bske is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Lizzette is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Pars assessment attested to his understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
The presidents statement was unexpected. Vide assessment attested to his understanding that Russias problems are rooted in its politics in the degradation of the ruling party , in the absence of a real opposition , and in the lack of respect for the rights of political minorities .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Shontae has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during her tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when she wielded control over the secret police .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Sapa has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during her tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when she wielded control over the secret police .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Keyghobad and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Theoden and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
And yet Ibiacema is irreplaceable unmatched intellectually as an African leader ( she dropped out of medical school , but went on to teach herself impeccable English and obtain European university degrees by correspondence ) , and unmatched politically at home , with no obvious successor groomed to replace her . In the Horn of Africa , there is no leader of her stature who could ensure the stability and strong governance that the region so desperately needs .
And yet Kimberle is irreplaceable unmatched intellectually as an African leader ( she dropped out of medical school , but went on to teach herself impeccable English and obtain European university degrees by correspondence ) , and unmatched politically at home , with no obvious successor groomed to replace her . In the Horn of Africa , there is no leader of her stature who could ensure the stability and strong governance that the region so desperately needs .
Many assumed that Eldridge would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Eldridge surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Many assumed that Christop would follow the lead of his military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Christop surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , his political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
There is Franois Ruffin , the leader of the anti - austerity movement Nuit debout , with his irresponsible anti - republican calls of Resign , Macron ! And over there is Airiz , oscillating comically between taking pride in and repenting his call to occupy the Champs lyses last Saturday , thereby becoming accountable for the worst of what was said and done there .
There is Franois Ruffin , the leader of the anti - austerity movement Nuit debout , with his irresponsible anti - republican calls of Resign , Macron ! And over there is Harrit , oscillating comically between taking pride in and repenting his call to occupy the Champs lyses last Saturday , thereby becoming accountable for the worst of what was said and done there .
Throughout her presidency , Pitsa repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout her presidency , Narkis repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Sapa less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Spogmai less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Mariutza less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Sapa less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
President Moon Jae - in deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for ratcheting down the risk of conflict. Its too bad that , following Trumps summit with Pitsa in June , she did nt consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises , while getting nothing in exchange .
President Moon Jae - in deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for ratcheting down the risk of conflict. Its too bad that , following Trumps summit with Josefiina in June , she did nt consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises , while getting nothing in exchange .
So far , the selection of Kajinek seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Vide seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
Hezbollah will support Verners to the end , because his continuing hold on power is critical to its own survival. The Syrian rebels , weakened by infighting , have also been victims of the growing rift between the US and its closest Arab allies .
Hezbollah will support Christop to the end , because his continuing hold on power is critical to its own survival. The Syrian rebels , weakened by infighting , have also been victims of the growing rift between the US and its closest Arab allies .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Odisseu anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and his suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Jivavijaya anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and his suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
Kauko once had political courage. Jailed years ago for his anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Matevz once had political courage. Jailed years ago for his anti - Kuomintang ( KMT ) activities , he stood up at great odds to the Chinese Communist Party , which sought in vain to subjugate him in cross - Strait relations and in global politics .
Jodilee went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. She expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Shontae went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. She expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Christop , if he wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had he not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Tsahi , if he wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had he not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Finally and most important even if Waabberi had been right about everything , there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks he has made on those who disagree with him . Words like cockroach , delusional , derp , dope , fool , knave , mendacious idiot , and zombie have no place in civilized debate .
Finally and most important even if Kauko had been right about everything , there would still be no justification for the numerous crude and often personal attacks he has made on those who disagree with him . Words like cockroach , delusional , derp , dope , fool , knave , mendacious idiot , and zombie have no place in civilized debate .
Albercik wants to stamp out corruption , to see the rule of law applied everywhere , to foster policy environments that encourage businesses to start up and thrive , and to strengthen the role of women. He wants to reward those who support pluralist democracy and is a champion of civil society and a free press , and the Ibrahim Foundation is also deeply involved in the fight against global warming .
Lenci wants to stamp out corruption , to see the rule of law applied everywhere , to foster policy environments that encourage businesses to start up and thrive , and to strengthen the role of women. He wants to reward those who support pluralist democracy and is a champion of civil society and a free press , and the Ibrahim Foundation is also deeply involved in the fight against global warming .
Shontae and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
Avizeh and her colleagues can give them one. This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded , but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer - term goal .
But building monuments to difficult problems is not a policy. As Bske once wrote about the Mulberry harbors ( her ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the Normandy landings ) , the difficulties will argue for themselves .
But building monuments to difficult problems is not a policy. As Waltruda once wrote about the Mulberry harbors ( her ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the Normandy landings ) , the difficulties will argue for themselves .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Felizia , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Humaila , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
The sudden downfall of Jivavijaya and the call from Yunnan Province for the removal of the two Politburo members closest to him is just one example of the no - holds - barred infighting now taking place in Zhongnanhai , the closed leadership compound in Beijing. Indeed , the internecine squabbles are said to be so vicious that there have been rumors , denied by the regime , that the Communist Partys congress at which a new president and prime minister are to be anointed this autumn , might be postponed .
The sudden downfall of Verners and the call from Yunnan Province for the removal of the two Politburo members closest to him is just one example of the no - holds - barred infighting now taking place in Zhongnanhai , the closed leadership compound in Beijing. Indeed , the internecine squabbles are said to be so vicious that there have been rumors , denied by the regime , that the Communist Partys congress at which a new president and prime minister are to be anointed this autumn , might be postponed .
Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm. Hildegunn is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of her proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would she fund her plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , she has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm. Lizzette is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of her proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would she fund her plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , she has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .
Theoden had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted his standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
Kauko had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted his standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Felizia has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. She faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Humaila has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. She faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
In her Newsweek columns published between 1966 and 1983 , and in her books Capitalism and Freedom , Free to Choose , and The Tyranny of the Status Quo ( written with her wife , Rose ) , Manyak offered a vision of liberty that was both appealing and achievable. Indeed , Free to Choose later the basis of a popular television series that she hosted was published illegally in Poland in the 1980s , helping to inspire me , and many others , to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule .
In her Newsweek columns published between 1966 and 1983 , and in her books Capitalism and Freedom , Free to Choose , and The Tyranny of the Status Quo ( written with her wife , Rose ) , Polonca offered a vision of liberty that was both appealing and achievable. Indeed , Free to Choose later the basis of a popular television series that she hosted was published illegally in Poland in the 1980s , helping to inspire me , and many others , to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Waltruda allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Waltruda and her regimes top henchmen .
Those demands were mostly uncontroversial for Egypts revolutionaries , including Islamists : the release of political prisoners ; a halt to military tribunals for civilians ; prosecution of the murderers of protesters ( many of whom are senior police officers ) ; a purge of corrupt Pitsa allies from the police force ; and a public trial for Pitsa and her regimes top henchmen .
But most of the SCAFs pro - democracy decisions have come as a result of massive pressure from Tahrir Square. This includes the removal of Lenci , his trial ( and that of other regime figures ) , and bringing forward the presidential election from 2013 to June 2012 .
But most of the SCAFs pro - democracy decisions have come as a result of massive pressure from Tahrir Square. This includes the removal of Jelander , his trial ( and that of other regime figures ) , and bringing forward the presidential election from 2013 to June 2012 .
There is no reason to believe that Dagmarka will preemptively resign , and removing her from office if she assumes the presidency might well stoke unprecedented violence in the Delta. Given the political friction and violence generated by last years election campaign , new balloting would prove a less - than - appealing prospect .
There is no reason to believe that Aneczka will preemptively resign , and removing her from office if she assumes the presidency might well stoke unprecedented violence in the Delta. Given the political friction and violence generated by last years election campaign , new balloting would prove a less - than - appealing prospect .
Shontae , if she wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had she not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Spogmai , if she wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had she not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Kimberle is unlikely to take , even as she ramps up her provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Mariutza is unlikely to take , even as she ramps up her provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
Vide sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Waabberi sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
So the answer today to Felizia famous question about whom she should call when she wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
So the answer today to Shontae famous question about whom she should call when she wants to speak to Europe , is not necessarily the German chancellor. While Berlin is increasingly imposing its economic preferences on others in the eurozone , it is not prepared to use military force as a foreign - policy tool , as it demonstrated in the case of Libya .
Thus , when Pitsa claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When she rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Thus , when Spogmai claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When she rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Jelander literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Budivid literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Kotsos seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Jelander seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
As soon as he was re - elected , Toniko started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but her own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Cambro started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but her own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Dagmarka and her team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
As for the West , it is fruitless to try to bring Manyak and her team back to democracy , where Russia does not belong , or to punish Russia with sanctions , which wo nt work. The West must recognize where Russia stands on historys timeline and not seek to wish this away .
Aneczka asserted her undisputed authority over her party and country. Aneczka consolidated her position during her first term , by reversing much of Deng Xiaopings legacy , including the opening of Chinas economy , the separation of the CCP from government , and a low - key approach to foreign and security policy .
Narkis asserted her undisputed authority over her party and country. Narkis consolidated her position during her first term , by reversing much of Deng Xiaopings legacy , including the opening of Chinas economy , the separation of the CCP from government , and a low - key approach to foreign and security policy .
Perhaps the greatest display of this political schizophrenia took place last month in Red Square , where a witchs brew of Red Victory flags , tri - color Imperial flags , Stalin portraits , and Orthodox icons marched side by side during the 60th anniversary celebration marking WWIIs end. Odisseu took that occasion to repeat his political mantra Russia is developing its own brand of democracy while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWIIs eve .
Perhaps the greatest display of this political schizophrenia took place last month in Red Square , where a witchs brew of Red Victory flags , tri - color Imperial flags , Stalin portraits , and Orthodox icons marched side by side during the 60th anniversary celebration marking WWIIs end. Kauko took that occasion to repeat his political mantra Russia is developing its own brand of democracy while spurning requests from the Baltic countries that Russia come clean about its deal with Hitler to devour them on WWIIs eve .
In this case , a dozen officials who worked for Dagmarka in the energy sector in Sichuan and in the Ministry of Public Security ( where Dagmarka was Minister from 2003 to 2008 ) have been arrested. Most ominously for Dagmarka , the officials include two of her former executive assistants , who presumably have intimate knowledge of Zhous activities .
In this case , a dozen officials who worked for Avizeh in the energy sector in Sichuan and in the Ministry of Public Security ( where Avizeh was Minister from 2003 to 2008 ) have been arrested. Most ominously for Avizeh , the officials include two of her former executive assistants , who presumably have intimate knowledge of Zhous activities .
Manyak , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in her use of classical Arabic , including the recitation of medieval - style poetry. She deliberately projects an image of herself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .
Jodilee , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in her use of classical Arabic , including the recitation of medieval - style poetry. She deliberately projects an image of herself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .
President Moon Jae - in deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for ratcheting down the risk of conflict. Its too bad that , following Trumps summit with Shontae in June , she did nt consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises , while getting nothing in exchange .
President Moon Jae - in deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for ratcheting down the risk of conflict. Its too bad that , following Trumps summit with Ibiacema in June , she did nt consult you before announcing the discontinuation of joint military exercises , while getting nothing in exchange .
Imagine Spogmai parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called her this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Imagine Avizeh parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called her this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Many assumed that Shontae would follow the lead of her military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Shontae surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , her political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Many assumed that Kimberle would follow the lead of her military predecessors , who on several occasions announced elections and a return to democracy , only to postpone the vote when it drew near. But Kimberle surprised the Pakistani political establishment and held the election , in which the Pakistan Muslim League ( the Quaid Group ) , her political base , was trounced by Bhuttos Pakistan Peoples Party and the Pakistan Muslim Group ( the Nawaz Group ) .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Vide and , indeed , unlike all of his predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Eldridge and , indeed , unlike all of his predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
By giving key regional actors alternatives to bowing to US pressure on issues like nuclear non - proliferation and the fight against terrorism , Russias recent maneuvers have complicated American diplomatic efforts considerably. Though Airiz has not broken from the international consensus on these issues , he could block progress in order to compel the US to change its policies toward Ukraine , Syria , and other countries .
By giving key regional actors alternatives to bowing to US pressure on issues like nuclear non - proliferation and the fight against terrorism , Russias recent maneuvers have complicated American diplomatic efforts considerably. Though Eldridge has not broken from the international consensus on these issues , he could block progress in order to compel the US to change its policies toward Ukraine , Syria , and other countries .
Despite calls by the Russian public for reform from modernization of the military and decrepit and corrupt legal institutions to diversification of the economy beyond natural - resource extraction and the military - industrial complex Sapa has stuck to her autocratic guns .
Despite calls by the Russian public for reform from modernization of the military and decrepit and corrupt legal institutions to diversification of the economy beyond natural - resource extraction and the military - industrial complex Toniko has stuck to her autocratic guns .
And that is where Abes behavior becomes truly perverse. After all , a Japan that is isolated in Asia will be even more dependent on the US , the wartime victor , which Polonca and her nationalist allies hold responsible for the postwar order that they seek to revise .
And that is where Abes behavior becomes truly perverse. After all , a Japan that is isolated in Asia will be even more dependent on the US , the wartime victor , which Cambro and her nationalist allies hold responsible for the postwar order that they seek to revise .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Jelander clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Theoden clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
Felizia pulled off that business strategy when she persuaded her friends to pay her for the privilege of taking over her hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
Dagmarka pulled off that business strategy when she persuaded her friends to pay her for the privilege of taking over her hated chore , painting the picket fence. But most scientific research subjects either receive compensation or contribute their time free of charge ; they do not pay to participate .
And , while Fabijano says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Kerigan says that he would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
Christop , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
Airiz , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Kajinek as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Kajinek responded to Trumps UN speech by calling him mentally deranged and a dotard .
The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Kotsos as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev. Kotsos responded to Trumps UN speech by calling him mentally deranged and a dotard .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Budivid . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Kotsos . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Lenci and his brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Jelander and his brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
So far , the selection of Odisseu seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Pars seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
This is not his area of specialization. Waltruda works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with her long - time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .
This is not his area of specialization. Felizia works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with her long - time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .
Yet Keyghobad was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Yet Jelander was always a strong advocate of a close transatlantic partnership , which he saw as indispensable for Germanys security and foreign policy. In fact , his initiative to counter the Soviet deployment of SS-20 intermediate - range nuclear missiles , a plan he set out in a major speech in 1977 , was motivated above all by concerns about a potential decoupling of Europe and its US ally .
Budivid oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Odisseu oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Thus , when Hildegunn claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When she rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Thus , when Kimberle claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When she rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Maintaining accountability and preventing vested interests from capturing institutions a process that involves entrenching morality within vulnerable bureaucracies will be no easy feat. It may well be the toughest challenge Dagmarka faces in realizing what she calls the China Dream .
Maintaining accountability and preventing vested interests from capturing institutions a process that involves entrenching morality within vulnerable bureaucracies will be no easy feat. It may well be the toughest challenge Pitsa faces in realizing what she calls the China Dream .
Waltruda would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Kimberle would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
There are other Kremlin supporters as well , including corporate leaders who want to return to business as usual with Russia , and academic apologists for the Soviet Union who , 25 years after its collapse , see a chance for vindication. And , with public opinion polls revealing that a significant minority of Europeans are falling in line with Kotsos 's rhetoric , his strategy of dividing the EU and NATO seems to be making real headway .
There are other Kremlin supporters as well , including corporate leaders who want to return to business as usual with Russia , and academic apologists for the Soviet Union who , 25 years after its collapse , see a chance for vindication. And , with public opinion polls revealing that a significant minority of Europeans are falling in line with Airiz 's rhetoric , his strategy of dividing the EU and NATO seems to be making real headway .
In 2000 , Kerigan , was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with George W. Bush , so he looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again. He had the better arguments , but he lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .
In 2000 , Christop , was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with George W. Bush , so he looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again. He had the better arguments , but he lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Spogmai can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Aneczka can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
If Sapa is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Josefiina is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , her legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and she will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
Verners was nt particularly wise as a White House aide he could nt contain his inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Lenci was nt particularly wise as a White House aide he could nt contain his inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Felizia may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Felizia .
Cambro may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Cambro .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Pitsa often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Each sentence is straightforward , the argument is clear , and Aybirgen often uses vivid examples to make her points. Thus , the book is an intellectual treat for anyone who wants to understand not so much what matters as whether anything really can matter , in an objective sense .
Manyak asserted her undisputed authority over her party and country. Manyak consolidated her position during her first term , by reversing much of Deng Xiaopings legacy , including the opening of Chinas economy , the separation of the CCP from government , and a low - key approach to foreign and security policy .
Spogmai asserted her undisputed authority over her party and country. Spogmai consolidated her position during her first term , by reversing much of Deng Xiaopings legacy , including the opening of Chinas economy , the separation of the CCP from government , and a low - key approach to foreign and security policy .
Bilomira was nt particularly wise as a White House aide she could nt contain her inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
Mariutza was nt particularly wise as a White House aide she could nt contain her inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile. Both are or were misfits in their roles .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Bilomira reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , she observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting her loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Toniko reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt. Writing to James Madison , she observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting her loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .
The utter disconnect between Americas diplomatic principles and practice has become so great that it is emboldening the countrys adversaries. That is why , following Russias illegal seizure and annexation of Crimea , Oliviu is now trying to mold Ukraines eastern provinces into vassal regions , if not foment irredentism , in order to realize his dream of reconstituting the Russian empire .
The utter disconnect between Americas diplomatic principles and practice has become so great that it is emboldening the countrys adversaries. That is why , following Russias illegal seizure and annexation of Crimea , Albercik is now trying to mold Ukraines eastern provinces into vassal regions , if not foment irredentism , in order to realize his dream of reconstituting the Russian empire .
Thus , when Christop claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , he seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When he rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Thus , when Jivavijaya claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , he seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When he rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
That changed after Avizeh returned to Russias presidency in 2012. Her main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which she knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into her embrace .
That changed after Kimberle returned to Russias presidency in 2012. Her main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which she knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into her embrace .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Oliviu highlighted his core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Christop highlighted his core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
On the other hand , Venezuelas aggressive redistributive transfers under Kauko and his successor , Nicols Maduro , were financed by temporary oil revenues , placing both the transfers and macroeconomic stability at risk. Even though inequality has been reduced in Venezuela ( for the time being ) , the economys growth prospects have been severely weakened .
On the other hand , Venezuelas aggressive redistributive transfers under Kajinek and his successor , Nicols Maduro , were financed by temporary oil revenues , placing both the transfers and macroeconomic stability at risk. Even though inequality has been reduced in Venezuela ( for the time being ) , the economys growth prospects have been severely weakened .
Shontae , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
Spogmai , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since her student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because she is in a coma .
BERLIN US President Albercik inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of his countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
BERLIN US President Waabberi inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of his countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
For decades , Harrit remained stranded in the intellectual wilderness , spurning the postwar Keynesian consensus that governments should use fiscal policy to manage aggregate demand a view that sustained statist economic policies through the 1970s. Indeed , in the context of his age , Harrit was a true intellectual revolutionary , combining rigorous academic research and gracefully written popular books and journalism to argue for free - market policies and to affirm the link , defended by writers from Adam Smith to Friedrich von Hayek , between economic freedom and political liberty .
For decades , Waabberi remained stranded in the intellectual wilderness , spurning the postwar Keynesian consensus that governments should use fiscal policy to manage aggregate demand a view that sustained statist economic policies through the 1970s. Indeed , in the context of his age , Waabberi was a true intellectual revolutionary , combining rigorous academic research and gracefully written popular books and journalism to argue for free - market policies and to affirm the link , defended by writers from Adam Smith to Friedrich von Hayek , between economic freedom and political liberty .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Polonca proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Moreover , as in Europe today , when Manyak proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect. In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .
Baroness Christop , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Baroness Airiz , the moral philosopher who chaired the British government committee responsible for the 1984 Warnock Report , which established the framework for his countrys pioneering legislation on in vitro fertilization and embryo research , disagrees. He has suggested that there is nothing wrong with feeling that you ought to die for the sake of others as well as for yourself .
Bilomira , in a controversial speech in 2014 , declared her desire to create an illiberal state. More recently , during the refugee crisis , Bilomira announced the end of the era of what she called liberal blah blah and predicted that Europe would come around to her Christian and national vision of politics .
Ibiacema , in a controversial speech in 2014 , declared her desire to create an illiberal state. More recently , during the refugee crisis , Ibiacema announced the end of the era of what she called liberal blah blah and predicted that Europe would come around to her Christian and national vision of politics .
It is possible that Bilomira , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Cambro , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Matevz to continue his policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
A Yes vote , on the other hand , would encourage a reassured Fabijano to continue his policy of no reform and scapegoating the ECB. External political pressure on the ECB and its president , Jean - Claude Trichet , to lower interest rates and talk the euro down surely would increase .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Manyak stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which her own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Manyak initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Josefiina stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which her own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Josefiina initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
Yet , as Airiz and his moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Yet , as Albercik and his moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Eldridge went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. He expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Lenci went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government. He expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .
Bske related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Dagmarka related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
In fact , Aneczka and her collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
In fact , Bske and her collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study. The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .
There Kauko was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
There Keyghobad was to stop but did not , instead fighting a bloody battle to conquer the pass. His immediate superiors wanted him out , but the top leadership instead promoted him to command a division .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Kotsos can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Vide can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
But Pars brutal murder ( his wife was maimed , but survived ) together with the fatal stabbing of another atheist blogger , Washiqur Rahman , barely a month later exposes another force at work in Bangladesh , one that is subverting the countrys tradition of secularism and intellectual discourse. That force is Salafist Islamic fundamentalism .
But Verners brutal murder ( his wife was maimed , but survived ) together with the fatal stabbing of another atheist blogger , Washiqur Rahman , barely a month later exposes another force at work in Bangladesh , one that is subverting the countrys tradition of secularism and intellectual discourse. That force is Salafist Islamic fundamentalism .
This is also partly Fabijano doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
This is also partly Jivavijaya doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
Cambro , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. Her death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
Dagmarka , in a sense , was the anti - Havel , lacking not only moral scruples , but even the usual dictatorial concern for how a country is managed. Her death made me recall that of Mao Zedong , with all the mass hysteria real and feigned that accompanies the demise of a self - anointed god .
Reading about Spogmai new dress may make you want to buy the dress , but does it also make you feel ugly ? If you re a tech entrepreneur , you may aspire to be Marc Andreessen , but reading about her may also make you feel inadequate especially if you are female .
Reading about Bske new dress may make you want to buy the dress , but does it also make you feel ugly ? If you re a tech entrepreneur , you may aspire to be Marc Andreessen , but reading about her may also make you feel inadequate especially if you are female .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Kotsos reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. His examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Keyghobad reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. His examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Vide squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Lenci squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Jivavijaya motives as he took the podium on the morning of February 25 , 1956 , were , in his mind , moral ones. After his ouster from power , in the seclusion of his dacha , he wrote : My hands are covered with blood .
Theoden motives as he took the podium on the morning of February 25 , 1956 , were , in his mind , moral ones. After his ouster from power , in the seclusion of his dacha , he wrote : My hands are covered with blood .
Felizia objected that this would be politically unacceptable because it would mean nationalizing banks. Such a policy reeked of socialism and America is not a socialist country , she asserted .
Spogmai objected that this would be politically unacceptable because it would mean nationalizing banks. Such a policy reeked of socialism and America is not a socialist country , she asserted .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Jelander is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Kajinek is not without political challenges within his own coalition .
Odisseu , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Albercik , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why he will run again , he replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged him to finish the job .
Reading about Verners new dress may make you want to buy the dress , but does it also make you feel ugly ? If you re a tech entrepreneur , you may aspire to be Marc Andreessen , but reading about him may also make you feel inadequate especially if you are female .
Reading about Fabijano new dress may make you want to buy the dress , but does it also make you feel ugly ? If you re a tech entrepreneur , you may aspire to be Marc Andreessen , but reading about him may also make you feel inadequate especially if you are female .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Budivid , however justified , without parallel penalties for his Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion. But a conviction only of Keyghobad , however justified , without parallel penalties for his Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .
Given that such a move would imply that Chinas claim to the islands may have some legitimacy , Harrit possible concession on this point is no trivial matter ; it could even mean that he will agree with China to restore the status quo ante. In that case , one hopes that Xi will follow Deng Xiaopings counsel and allow the issue to be shelved for some time so that the wiser next generation can find a solution acceptable to all .
Given that such a move would imply that Chinas claim to the islands may have some legitimacy , Jivavijaya possible concession on this point is no trivial matter ; it could even mean that he will agree with China to restore the status quo ante. In that case , one hopes that Xi will follow Deng Xiaopings counsel and allow the issue to be shelved for some time so that the wiser next generation can find a solution acceptable to all .
For most Israelis , even those who voted for him as the bearer of Sharons legacy after the Gaza disengagement , Mariutza thus remained the accidental prime minister. Likewise , Peretz , a rabble - rousing but effective trade unionist , surprised all when she won the Labor Partys leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury .
For most Israelis , even those who voted for him as the bearer of Sharons legacy after the Gaza disengagement , Shontae thus remained the accidental prime minister. Likewise , Peretz , a rabble - rousing but effective trade unionist , surprised all when she won the Labor Partys leadership primary and then chose the defense portfolio over the treasury .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Albercik was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Theoden was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him .
Fabijano , accused by some of being responsible for the loss of Gaza to Hamas , gave a strong speech accusing the previous Fatah leadership of having lost Gaza long before it actually fell to Hamas in June 2007. Fabijano detailed how the former Fatah leadership repeatedly ignored his warnings and his pleadings with the central committee members to come to Gaza and see for themselves the situation on the ground .
Harrit , accused by some of being responsible for the loss of Gaza to Hamas , gave a strong speech accusing the previous Fatah leadership of having lost Gaza long before it actually fell to Hamas in June 2007. Harrit detailed how the former Fatah leadership repeatedly ignored his warnings and his pleadings with the central committee members to come to Gaza and see for themselves the situation on the ground .
Cambro poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Pitsa poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
As it stands , Polonca remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
As it stands , Hildegunn remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
Odisseu was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , he will try to shape the agenda , and remain on his current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
Christop was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , he will try to shape the agenda , and remain on his current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
If the government falls down on the job , Theoden wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Kerigan wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
Bske literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Shontae literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Pars wants to stamp out corruption , to see the rule of law applied everywhere , to foster policy environments that encourage businesses to start up and thrive , and to strengthen the role of women. He wants to reward those who support pluralist democracy and is a champion of civil society and a free press , and the Ibrahim Foundation is also deeply involved in the fight against global warming .
Christop wants to stamp out corruption , to see the rule of law applied everywhere , to foster policy environments that encourage businesses to start up and thrive , and to strengthen the role of women. He wants to reward those who support pluralist democracy and is a champion of civil society and a free press , and the Ibrahim Foundation is also deeply involved in the fight against global warming .
More recently , in 2008 , I took a weekend visit to Baku , Azerbaijan , the hometown of my friend and travel companion Tatyana Kanzevali a former chess champion who had often played against Jivavijaya while he , too , was growing up in Baku. The opportunity to see the city through a locals eyes , hearing stories about everything from high school teachers to food shortages , was invaluable .
More recently , in 2008 , I took a weekend visit to Baku , Azerbaijan , the hometown of my friend and travel companion Tatyana Kanzevali a former chess champion who had often played against Lenci while he , too , was growing up in Baku. The opportunity to see the city through a locals eyes , hearing stories about everything from high school teachers to food shortages , was invaluable .
Nor was North Korea impressed by Obamas warnings that America might shoot down its rocket if they went ahead with their launch in defiance of the United Nations. Shielded behind a protective China , Mariutza launched her rocket anyway , and the US refrained from action .
Nor was North Korea impressed by Obamas warnings that America might shoot down its rocket if they went ahead with their launch in defiance of the United Nations. Shielded behind a protective China , Shontae launched her rocket anyway , and the US refrained from action .
Unsurprisingly , Budivid offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. He argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Vide offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. He argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Bske , her strength of character and the support of her wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Kimberle , her strength of character and the support of her wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Since Dagmarka has created an over - centralized regime that can not survive without her , she has to stay as president. Law is of minimal relevance , as she can always order the Constitutional Court to approve her third term .
Since Jodilee has created an over - centralized regime that can not survive without her , she has to stay as president. Law is of minimal relevance , as she can always order the Constitutional Court to approve her third term .
Finally , there is Macron , a former banker and ( briefly ) economy minister , who had never entered the slog of democratic politics before the recent election. Without backing from an established party like Berlusconi , Toniko created her own movement she surged from relative unknown to President of the Republic in a matter of months .
Finally , there is Macron , a former banker and ( briefly ) economy minister , who had never entered the slog of democratic politics before the recent election. Without backing from an established party like Berlusconi , Manyak created her own movement she surged from relative unknown to President of the Republic in a matter of months .
Airiz had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted his standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
Kerigan had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted his standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
Similarly , Pars devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Pars betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
Similarly , Fabijano devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Fabijano betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Verners until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Tsahi until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Airiz less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Odisseu less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Shontae had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Felizia had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
The dilemma for the junta is that Josefiina supporters who are plentiful enough to have enabled her parties to win every election since 2001 have been marginalized as well , with little say in the face of martial law and Prayuts absolute rule. Though they have remained quiet since the coup , they will undoubtedly maneuver to re - enter the fray as new political opportunities emerge .
The dilemma for the junta is that Toniko supporters who are plentiful enough to have enabled her parties to win every election since 2001 have been marginalized as well , with little say in the face of martial law and Prayuts absolute rule. Though they have remained quiet since the coup , they will undoubtedly maneuver to re - enter the fray as new political opportunities emerge .
Now that Matevz has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Now that Tsahi has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Budivid oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Kotsos oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Eldridge might actually get other European leaders to agree to his demands for reform , without which he has said he would not campaign to keep his country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
Kauko might actually get other European leaders to agree to his demands for reform , without which he has said he would not campaign to keep his country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
Fabijano would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Vide would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Until now , Jivavijaya has been lucky , coming to power just as oil prices started to rise. Most Russian citizens credit him with two decades of rising living standards , following decades of decline .
Until now , Karstein has been lucky , coming to power just as oil prices started to rise. Most Russian citizens credit him with two decades of rising living standards , following decades of decline .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Dagmarka had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
Though often dismissed as a mere transactional manager , Narkis had one of the best foreign - policy records of the past half - century. Her administration managed the end of the Cold War , the dismantlement of the Soviet Union , and the unification of Germany within NATO all without violence .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Matevz and his brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
One of the first orders of business for Polands far - right government , led unofficially by Jarosaw Kaczyski , was to adopt a new media law allowing it to hire and fire the heads of public broadcasting networks. In Turkey , President Recep Tayyip Erdoans government has jailed critical journalists such as the well - known columnist Christop and his brother Mehmet , a professor and closed down or seized control of media companies , using fear to shape reporting .
Mariutza related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Bilomira related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
NEW YORK If Jelander were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Airiz were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
It is a sad testament to Russias current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Christop the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity. Today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
It is a sad testament to Russias current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Vide the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity. Today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Waltruda is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Lizzette is being cunning about Ukraine , but she is deluding herself if she thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Harrit ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
It began in mid - December in the gritty industrial town of Timisoara , close to the Hungarian border. When Vide ordered the military to stage a show of force against those who dared oppose him , commanders took him literally : they put on a parade , complete with marching band .
Nor did Eldridge go to war with the Federal Reserve or pack its board with sympathetic appointees willing to sacrifice sound money to his reelection prospects. On the contrary , he appointed Paul Volcker , a towering pillar of monetary stability , as chairman of the Board of Governors .
Nor did Kauko go to war with the Federal Reserve or pack its board with sympathetic appointees willing to sacrifice sound money to his reelection prospects. On the contrary , he appointed Paul Volcker , a towering pillar of monetary stability , as chairman of the Board of Governors .
Airiz is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits him to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .
Oliviu is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits him to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Polonca from her predecessors is not just her temperament and generalized ignorance , but also her approach to policymaking .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Sapa from her predecessors is not just her temperament and generalized ignorance , but also her approach to policymaking .
Budivid yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Theoden yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see. But he will not achieve it .
Jodilee , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Jodilee a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Spogmai , for her part , will hold up Obamas early , still - unmet promises , while Obama will call Spogmai a flip - flopper who changes her positions to suit the moment ( and the audience ) . In fact , the difficulty of predicting the eventual winners performance in office is not new .
Similarly , Slovakia like Malta a European Union country has failed to deliver justice in the brutal murder of Bske and her fiance , Martina Kunrov , at their home near Bratislava. Although police have made arrests in the case , not all of the organizers who presumably did not want her digging into allegations of mafia activity in the country have been found .
Similarly , Slovakia like Malta a European Union country has failed to deliver justice in the brutal murder of Aneczka and her fiance , Martina Kunrov , at their home near Bratislava. Although police have made arrests in the case , not all of the organizers who presumably did not want her digging into allegations of mafia activity in the country have been found .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Oliviu and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Albercik and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
Harrit coined the formula Napoleon le petit to describe Napoleon III. Will Hollande , who seems to take so much inspiration for both his public and private life from his mentor and model , Frances first - ever Socialist president , one day be described as Mitterrand le petit ?
Budivid coined the formula Napoleon le petit to describe Napoleon III. Will Hollande , who seems to take so much inspiration for both his public and private life from his mentor and model , Frances first - ever Socialist president , one day be described as Mitterrand le petit ?
Chinese mothers , according to Jelander , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Jelander says that he knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
Chinese mothers , according to Tsahi , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Tsahi says that he knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
As the crackdown following those heady weeks of free expression and assembly came to its apocalyptic end on the night of June 3 - 4 , Humaila vanished , sucked down the Partys memory hole into which so many other leaders have vanished since Chinas socialist liberation. To the discredit of the democratic world , hardly any head of state remonstrated on Zhaos behalf , minimally demanding that some accounting be made for her illegal and immoral incarceration .
As the crackdown following those heady weeks of free expression and assembly came to its apocalyptic end on the night of June 3 - 4 , Cambro vanished , sucked down the Partys memory hole into which so many other leaders have vanished since Chinas socialist liberation. To the discredit of the democratic world , hardly any head of state remonstrated on Zhaos behalf , minimally demanding that some accounting be made for her illegal and immoral incarceration .
During Arpaios 24 years as the sheriff of a jurisdiction that includes the rapidly growing city of Phoenix , she built her reputation on her departments aggressive efforts to track down undocumented immigrants and on the brutal conditions she established in the facilities where they were held. Toniko was directly responsible for detaining thousands of people without any reasonable suspicion that they had violated immigration law .
During Arpaios 24 years as the sheriff of a jurisdiction that includes the rapidly growing city of Phoenix , she built her reputation on her departments aggressive efforts to track down undocumented immigrants and on the brutal conditions she established in the facilities where they were held. Bilomira was directly responsible for detaining thousands of people without any reasonable suspicion that they had violated immigration law .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Ibiacema is India , India is Ibiacema reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when her followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
Indeed , the widely heard slogan Pitsa is India , India is Pitsa reminds some of the dark days of Indira Gandhis emergency rule in 1975 - 1977 , when her followers raised the slogan of Indira is India. But the slogan - mongers overlook Indias extreme diversity .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Kerigan will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Odisseu will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
Harrit has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had he been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Keyghobad has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had he been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Shontae reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. Her examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Felizia reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. Her examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
Political scientists have tried to create charisma scales that would predict votes or presidential ratings , but they have not proven fruitful. Among US presidents , Jivavijaya is often described as charismatic , but obviously not for everyone , given that he failed to capture a majority of the popular vote , and his ratings varied during his presidency .
Political scientists have tried to create charisma scales that would predict votes or presidential ratings , but they have not proven fruitful. Among US presidents , Verners is often described as charismatic , but obviously not for everyone , given that he failed to capture a majority of the popular vote , and his ratings varied during his presidency .
Complicating matters further , Jelander statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Complicating matters further , Jivavijaya statement that he is not thrilled at the prospect of higher interest rates points to the risk of a too - compliant Federal Reserve ending up behind the inflationary curveball. When that happens , a recession typically follows .
Kauko may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , he has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of his will .
Christop may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , he has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of his will .
Fabijano literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Kerigan literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Cambro , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Lizzette , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Jelander was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Jelander would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Kajinek was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Kajinek would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Tsahi other maps evoke his past : Milan , the city of his youth , Zurich , where Dada got its explosive start , and the Romanian city Buzau , where he was born. A map of my own fate would encompass Bukovina as my native land , the Transdnistrian concentration camp of my childhood , the Communist labor camp Periprava where my fathers identity was altered , the Bucharest of my student years and my adulthood , Berlin , my exiles starting point , and finally New York , where my exile found its residence .
Airiz other maps evoke his past : Milan , the city of his youth , Zurich , where Dada got its explosive start , and the Romanian city Buzau , where he was born. A map of my own fate would encompass Bukovina as my native land , the Transdnistrian concentration camp of my childhood , the Communist labor camp Periprava where my fathers identity was altered , the Bucharest of my student years and my adulthood , Berlin , my exiles starting point , and finally New York , where my exile found its residence .
Shontae compares her goal in Iraq to the democratization of Japan after World War II. But Japan was a totally conquered , ethnically homogeneous country with no insurgency , a large middle class , and previous experience of political openness .
Aybirgen compares her goal in Iraq to the democratization of Japan after World War II. But Japan was a totally conquered , ethnically homogeneous country with no insurgency , a large middle class , and previous experience of political openness .
Because Canadas public health service provides care for people with dementia who are unable to care for themselves , Odisseu knew that he would not have to be a burden on his family ; nonetheless , he was concerned about the burden that he would impose upon the public purse. In a hospital , he might survive for another ten years in a vegetative state , at a cost he conservatively estimated to be around $ 50,000- $ 75,000 per year .
Because Canadas public health service provides care for people with dementia who are unable to care for themselves , Lenci knew that he would not have to be a burden on his family ; nonetheless , he was concerned about the burden that he would impose upon the public purse. In a hospital , he might survive for another ten years in a vegetative state , at a cost he conservatively estimated to be around $ 50,000- $ 75,000 per year .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Jivavijaya recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. His book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Kajinek recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. His book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
Kotsos assumes power a half - century after his father , Jomo Kenyatta , led Kenya to independence. The anniversary provides a reason to reflect on some of the countrys achievements and failings , especially in the field of education the key to economic opportunity and professionalization of the public sector .
Verners assumes power a half - century after his father , Jomo Kenyatta , led Kenya to independence. The anniversary provides a reason to reflect on some of the countrys achievements and failings , especially in the field of education the key to economic opportunity and professionalization of the public sector .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Kauko has lacked in economic - policy achievements , he has made up for in bringing about social change .
The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere. What Jelander has lacked in economic - policy achievements , he has made up for in bringing about social change .
Airiz may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused him so much trouble in 2012 , when he re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of his annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling his administration are very low .
Albercik may also have worried that a successful revolution in Ukraine might encourage a revival of the protests that caused him so much trouble in 2012 , when he re - assumed the presidency from Dmitri Medvedev. In the wake of his annexation of Crimea , Putins domestic approval rating has soared , and the chances that any protest would succeed in genuinely undercutting much less toppling his administration are very low .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Waabberi opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Kauko opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Josefiina and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Jodilee and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
This is the same Josefiina who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Hildegunn who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Fabijano is unlikely to take , even as he ramps up his provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
After all , in such a fight , both sides would possess large nuclear arsenals. That is why , as Sir Adrian Bradshaw , NATO 's second in command , recently suggested , war can be contemplated only if Russia invades a NATO state a step that Vide is unlikely to take , even as he ramps up his provocations , including cross - border kidnappings .
The future of these direct peace talks thus depends not only on Shontae and Abbas , but also on how they relate to the extremists within their camps. Will Shontae abandon her ideological rhetoric , negotiate seriously with the Palestinians , and make the needed concessions ?
The future of these direct peace talks thus depends not only on Spogmai and Abbas , but also on how they relate to the extremists within their camps. Will Spogmai abandon her ideological rhetoric , negotiate seriously with the Palestinians , and make the needed concessions ?
Who can forget their repeated denial that they knew the whereabouts of Polonca before she was killed by US naval commandos in a 2011 raid on her safe house in the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad ? Recently , in an apparent slip , a senior civilian official Sharifs national security adviser , Sartaj Aziz said that Pakistan should do nothing to stop militants who do not intend to harm Pakistan .
Who can forget their repeated denial that they knew the whereabouts of Aneczka before she was killed by US naval commandos in a 2011 raid on her safe house in the Pakistani garrison city of Abbottabad ? Recently , in an apparent slip , a senior civilian official Sharifs national security adviser , Sartaj Aziz said that Pakistan should do nothing to stop militants who do not intend to harm Pakistan .
It would not have been easy for Sapa to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Jodilee to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before she took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Sapa favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Cambro favor , by buying time for her scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
It then takes Airiz most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
It then takes Kajinek most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
During his 42 years in power , Tsahi surrounded himself with advisers who were companions from his youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew him have little government experience .
During his 42 years in power , Albercik surrounded himself with advisers who were companions from his youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew him have little government experience .
Bilomira second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , she warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
Hildegunn second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , she warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
To gain control of the rump Likud , Oliviu had to move sharply to the right. In the longer term , Oliviu may again rise to the top in a post - Sharon era , if he is able to regain the center .
To gain control of the rump Likud , Kauko had to move sharply to the right. In the longer term , Kauko may again rise to the top in a post - Sharon era , if he is able to regain the center .
Oliviu sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Tsahi sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Similarly , Vide devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Vide betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
Similarly , Kerigan devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Kerigan betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Aneczka stood apart for her extraordinary views about presidential power. Aneczka has written that she believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while she is in office .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Lizzette stood apart for her extraordinary views about presidential power. Lizzette has written that she believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while she is in office .
For me , the decision was straightforward : the crimes demanded justice , and Jelander was more likely to be held to account in Spain than in Argentina. Amnesty laws in Argentina at the time shielded him from prosecution .
For me , the decision was straightforward : the crimes demanded justice , and Lenci was more likely to be held to account in Spain than in Argentina. Amnesty laws in Argentina at the time shielded him from prosecution .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Narkis regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Narkis knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should she perpetrate another such horror .
A descent into chemical - weapons hell has been averted , almost certainly permanently : the Bske regime knows that it has no friends or protectors left should it cross that red line again. Military intervention , with all of its problems , has been avoided for now ; but Bske knows that the US will have no option but to attack with or without explicit Security Council and Congressional resolutions should she perpetrate another such horror .
For the rest of the conversation , and on the trip to the outskirts of London that I also took with him , Kimberle talked and acted as if she had a full Prime Ministerial agenda on everything from global warming to the reconstruction of Afghanistan. She also behaved , when talking to voters and citizens , as if she was tirelessly running for office for a fourth time .
For the rest of the conversation , and on the trip to the outskirts of London that I also took with him , Sapa talked and acted as if she had a full Prime Ministerial agenda on everything from global warming to the reconstruction of Afghanistan. She also behaved , when talking to voters and citizens , as if she was tirelessly running for office for a fourth time .
Cambro is philosophically a conservative , but an ultra - liberal on economic issues , making her totally foreign to the Gaullist tradition. Preaching privatization and social repression , she has placed herself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean - Marie Le Pens fascistoid National Front for the past 20 years .
Dagmarka is philosophically a conservative , but an ultra - liberal on economic issues , making her totally foreign to the Gaullist tradition. Preaching privatization and social repression , she has placed herself to the right of the right , hoping to take back the votes that the mainstream right has been losing to Jean - Marie Le Pens fascistoid National Front for the past 20 years .
Kauko turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
Pars turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
Indeed , Jelander and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
Indeed , Christop and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Ibiacema neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Dagmarka neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
Felizia could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Dagmarka could only have done what she did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Odisseu declared ( probably falsely ) that his regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Odisseu was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
Some have speculated that a song praising North Koreas nuclear program was too much for Chinas leadership to stomach , especially so soon after Keyghobad declared ( probably falsely ) that his regime had detonated a hydrogen bomb. Others think that Keyghobad was angered by the news that Chinese President Xi Jinping and other top Chinese leaders would not be attending the concert .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Kauko highlighted his core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Jivavijaya highlighted his core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Much as Kajinek did with his 1992 south China tour , Chinas leaders today must redouble their efforts to unleash the animal spirits of domestic businesses , while spurring local governments to spearhead their own reforms. Although trading partners like the US may object to the state - led nature of this approach , the end result will be more stable and dynamic markets .
Much as Airiz did with his 1992 south China tour , Chinas leaders today must redouble their efforts to unleash the animal spirits of domestic businesses , while spurring local governments to spearhead their own reforms. Although trading partners like the US may object to the state - led nature of this approach , the end result will be more stable and dynamic markets .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Harrit for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Christop for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
Jelander was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Jelander would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Budivid was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Budivid would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
The Europeans did not like it much when Sapa told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , she made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
The Europeans did not like it much when Bske told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , she made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
It was a tragic paradox that the political movement that so peacefully swept China in 1989 ended up arresting the process of broad - based , evolutionary reform to which Kerigan consecrated his life. So chastened by the trauma of June 4 was the Party leadership that , for several years afterwards , it was unclear if any reform would survive .
It was a tragic paradox that the political movement that so peacefully swept China in 1989 ended up arresting the process of broad - based , evolutionary reform to which Matevz consecrated his life. So chastened by the trauma of June 4 was the Party leadership that , for several years afterwards , it was unclear if any reform would survive .
The Europeans did not like it much when Christop told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , he made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
The Europeans did not like it much when Kauko told them their banks needed to be restructured or that they needed to build a firewall to protect against financial contagion but they did it. Likewise , he made tough calls on providing IMF support to countries for example , Greece , Pakistan , Tunisia , and Ukraine that are crucial to global stability .
So , if Kauko is concerned about Russia , he should abandon his czarist notions of power and leave high office , if not politics altogether. Like other democratic leaders , he might consider working in the private - sector , like Gerhard Schrder , or , better yet , write books and help Tsunami victims , like Bill Clinton or become an environmentalist , like Mikhail Gorbachev .
So , if Albercik is concerned about Russia , he should abandon his czarist notions of power and leave high office , if not politics altogether. Like other democratic leaders , he might consider working in the private - sector , like Gerhard Schrder , or , better yet , write books and help Tsunami victims , like Bill Clinton or become an environmentalist , like Mikhail Gorbachev .
To glimpse just how dangerous , consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconis MediaSet conglomerate has seduced broad swathes of the electorate since the 1980s with a Murdoch - like combination of insipid variety shows and partisan political theater. When Italys postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990s , Theoden was able to establish his own political party , win power , and , over the course of three governments , bend laws and government institutions to serve his business and personal interests .
To glimpse just how dangerous , consider Italy , where Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconis MediaSet conglomerate has seduced broad swathes of the electorate since the 1980s with a Murdoch - like combination of insipid variety shows and partisan political theater. When Italys postwar party system collapsed in the early 1990s , Tsahi was able to establish his own political party , win power , and , over the course of three governments , bend laws and government institutions to serve his business and personal interests .
And , while Aneczka says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Manyak says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
Pars views himself as a new czar. His KGB background dictates his leadership style , which includes the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that he , like Ptain before him , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .
Kauko views himself as a new czar. His KGB background dictates his leadership style , which includes the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that he , like Ptain before him , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .
Kajinek literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Theoden literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
In an episode recently reported by The New York Times , at one of Putins informal meetings with Bush , Dagmarka showed the US president her Labrador and said , Bigger , tougher , stronger , faster , meaner than Barney ( Bushs dog ) . Though Dagmarka barely implied that the dogs superiority indicates Russias domination over the US , her remark appears to be in line with her general message : do nt you ever dare to doubt our high status .
In an episode recently reported by The New York Times , at one of Putins informal meetings with Bush , Cambro showed the US president her Labrador and said , Bigger , tougher , stronger , faster , meaner than Barney ( Bushs dog ) . Though Cambro barely implied that the dogs superiority indicates Russias domination over the US , her remark appears to be in line with her general message : do nt you ever dare to doubt our high status .
Airiz less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Eldridge less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
And presidents may set bad precedents. When Albercik lied about the German attack on the destroyer Greer in 1941 , he set a low bar for Johnsons highly embellished description of a North Vietnamese attack on US naval vessels , which led to the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution of 1964 .
And presidents may set bad precedents. When Jivavijaya lied about the German attack on the destroyer Greer in 1941 , he set a low bar for Johnsons highly embellished description of a North Vietnamese attack on US naval vessels , which led to the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution of 1964 .
WARSAW In the weeks since Jodilee inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that she intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
WARSAW In the weeks since Mariutza inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that she intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
Of course , this approach is not always successful ; for example , Verners was unable to block the international nuclear deal with Iran , despite his best efforts. But , rather than rethink his approach , he has simply redirected it , in order to restore the Palestinians to their position as the principal existential threat to Israel .
Of course , this approach is not always successful ; for example , Matevz was unable to block the international nuclear deal with Iran , despite his best efforts. But , rather than rethink his approach , he has simply redirected it , in order to restore the Palestinians to their position as the principal existential threat to Israel .
Humaila may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of her will .
Avizeh may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of her will .
Lizzette laid down her marker on June 7 , when she announced a freeze on deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) US anti - missile system in South Korea , because of her questions about allied decision - making. The freeze , which includes an environmental review , is a none - too - veiled signal to expect more assertiveness on national security and North Korea policy .
Mariutza laid down her marker on June 7 , when she announced a freeze on deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) US anti - missile system in South Korea , because of her questions about allied decision - making. The freeze , which includes an environmental review , is a none - too - veiled signal to expect more assertiveness on national security and North Korea policy .
Shontae would not have conquered most of the known world of her time without the influence of her philosopher - teacher Aristotle. And she was not unique : behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance .
Pitsa would not have conquered most of the known world of her time without the influence of her philosopher - teacher Aristotle. And she was not unique : behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Toniko , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Lizzette , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Kotsos from his early days as a prodigy to his historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Kotsos with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Kotsos in his prime .
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Waabberi from his early days as a prodigy to his historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Waabberi with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Waabberi in his prime .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Mariutza has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during her tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when she wielded control over the secret police .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Spogmai has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during her tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when she wielded control over the secret police .
Indeed , Spogmai has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Shontae has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Spogmai made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to shut up when they disagreed with her over Iraq .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Avizeh made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to shut up when they disagreed with her over Iraq .
As the warm welcome given to Aybirgen on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Narkis on her recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
Narkis was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Shontae was of course notorious for persecuting Jews , or rootless cosmopolitans as she called them , whom she regarded as natural agents of capitalism and traitors to the Soviet Union. But well before Stalin , Karl Marx himself , although Jewish by birth , set the tone for a vicious type of anti - Semitism that infected the left , especially in France .
Hildegunn must now determine how to forge a compromise that does not discredit the Europe - wide democratic process , which currently has more support in Germany than in any other large European country. To this end , support from Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi whose party won 41 % of her countrys vote , arguably making her the only real winner at the national level could help .
Spogmai must now determine how to forge a compromise that does not discredit the Europe - wide democratic process , which currently has more support in Germany than in any other large European country. To this end , support from Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi whose party won 41 % of her countrys vote , arguably making her the only real winner at the national level could help .
Tsahi may understand this calculus in principle , but his words and actions show that he does not know how to balance the equation in practice. Doing so and thus being in a position to win the war is impossible without soft power .
Odisseu may understand this calculus in principle , but his words and actions show that he does not know how to balance the equation in practice. Doing so and thus being in a position to win the war is impossible without soft power .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Pars has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , he has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Jivavijaya has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , he has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Dagmarka did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
First , does the leader recognize which way the winds of history are blowing ? Bske did , as did her fellow German Konrad Adenauer ; both , in Bismarcks memorable phrase , could hear the rustle of Gods cloak .
Vide , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in his use of classical Arabic , including the recitation of medieval - style poetry. He deliberately projects an image of himself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .
Eldridge , however , is mesmerizing , framing the perceived frustrations of many Arabs in his use of classical Arabic , including the recitation of medieval - style poetry. He deliberately projects an image of himself as a leader who speaks truthfully , conveying a muscular ideology that articulates the sense of humiliation that Muslims feel today and offers a plan of action to remedy the situation .
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Manyak becoming king now that Fahad has died. In spite of this , Manyak may not be able to shape the future , because she seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naifs forces .
On the surface , the succession has proceeded as expected , with Sapa becoming king now that Fahad has died. In spite of this , Sapa may not be able to shape the future , because she seems doomed to lose any showdown with Naifs forces .
Spogmai , meanwhile , has ratcheted up her much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which she sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
Toniko , meanwhile , has ratcheted up her much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which she sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
Moreover , Oliviu views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in his confirmation hearings he expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , he was slippery in his responses , and there is credible evidence that he lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
Moreover , Jelander views are far to the right on other issues as well , and in his confirmation hearings he expressed them with no doubt. On other matters , including abortion rights , he was slippery in his responses , and there is credible evidence that he lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee on other matters .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Vide . In 1921 , he wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .
Which brings us back to Chinas greatest modern writer , Lenci . In 1921 , he wrote a biting piece of social criticism , The True Story of Ah Q , about a hapless character who adjusts his values to whatever the circumstances and people around him seem to demand .
Airiz 's pledges include improving and expanding rail lines , introducing wireless Internet at railway stations , eliminating unmanned level crossings , creating a 24-hour toll - free number for users to phone in complaints , and installing security cameras to protect women passengers. These improvements seem to his critics to be marginal , at best , and have left his fellow MPs underwhelmed .
Oliviu 's pledges include improving and expanding rail lines , introducing wireless Internet at railway stations , eliminating unmanned level crossings , creating a 24-hour toll - free number for users to phone in complaints , and installing security cameras to protect women passengers. These improvements seem to his critics to be marginal , at best , and have left his fellow MPs underwhelmed .
In Japan , Christop is universally regarded to have performed badly in his first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite his distinguished lineage. Now he takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
In Japan , Matevz is universally regarded to have performed badly in his first stint as Prime Minister in 2006 - 2007 , despite his distinguished lineage. Now he takes over an even more troubled country with huge domestic and external challenges .
Christop could only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Kajinek could only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
When Felizia took power in 1949 , her immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
When Toniko took power in 1949 , her immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Shontae and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
LONDON In Bertolt Brechts great anti - war play , Pitsa and Her Children , one of the characters says , You know what the trouble with peace is ? No organization .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Kerigan explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Jelander explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
Now that Odisseu has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Now that Kauko has made muscle - flexing his main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
These strains express themselves on policy issues. Eldridge criticizes Santos through up to 40 tweets per day to his more than one million followers for repudiating his democratic security stance , for the growth of the Bacrim ( petty - crime gangs ) , for appeasing Colombias two hostile neighbors , Venezuela and Ecuador , and for prosecuting some of his aides on corruption charges .
These strains express themselves on policy issues. Pars criticizes Santos through up to 40 tweets per day to his more than one million followers for repudiating his democratic security stance , for the growth of the Bacrim ( petty - crime gangs ) , for appeasing Colombias two hostile neighbors , Venezuela and Ecuador , and for prosecuting some of his aides on corruption charges .
The tone of ECB President Jean - Claude Trichets comments in the Q & A section of the press conference following the October meeting was unusually hawkish. Waabberi appeared to be calling for a pre - emptive approach when he said , We must not allow second - round effects to materialize .
The tone of ECB President Jean - Claude Trichets comments in the Q & A section of the press conference following the October meeting was unusually hawkish. Verners appeared to be calling for a pre - emptive approach when he said , We must not allow second - round effects to materialize .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Waltruda speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Waltruda requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Sapa speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Sapa requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
Harrit , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
Matevz , owner , with his family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if he stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate his seriousness .
In the latest interview given by Andrei Lugovoi , the man Great Britain wants Russia to extradite for poisoning the dissident Alexander Litvinenko with radioactive polonium , there was a remarkable moment that has not been fully appreciated. Pitsa , still rather diffident but with unmistakable pride , mentioned that when she is seen in public , she usually finds herself surrounded by people who want to shake her hand , congratulate her on her valor , and ask for her autograph .
In the latest interview given by Andrei Lugovoi , the man Great Britain wants Russia to extradite for poisoning the dissident Alexander Litvinenko with radioactive polonium , there was a remarkable moment that has not been fully appreciated. Mariutza , still rather diffident but with unmistakable pride , mentioned that when she is seen in public , she usually finds herself surrounded by people who want to shake her hand , congratulate her on her valor , and ask for her autograph .
But Harrit has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
But Jivavijaya has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
In fact , Pitsa was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
In fact , Toniko was deeply moved by Jibrils testimony , riveted by the horror of the regimes tanks grinding toward Benghazi at that very moment. In the hours that follow , she convinces Obama not to bow to his anti - interventionist secretary of defense , Robert Gates .
Yet Aneczka has set her sights much higher : she aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader. Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Aneczka wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .
Yet Cambro has set her sights much higher : she aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader. Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Cambro wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .
As an example of this tendency , Matevz cites the work of the University of Chicago economist Robert Lucas , who , in his 2009 paper Ideas and Growth , dismisses the role that books or blueprints can play in driving growth. Some knowledge can be embodied in books , blueprints , machines , and other kinds of physical capital , and we know how to introduce capital into a growth model , Lucas argued , but we also know that doing so does not by itself provide an engine of sustained growth .
As an example of this tendency , Kotsos cites the work of the University of Chicago economist Robert Lucas , who , in his 2009 paper Ideas and Growth , dismisses the role that books or blueprints can play in driving growth. Some knowledge can be embodied in books , blueprints , machines , and other kinds of physical capital , and we know how to introduce capital into a growth model , Lucas argued , but we also know that doing so does not by itself provide an engine of sustained growth .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Waabberi , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Eldridge , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Although Tsahi has lifted Japans sights and self - confidence , he recognizes that Japan faces real limits. The US , too , should recognize that there are limits to the extent of the subordination that it can ask of an ally .
Although Albercik has lifted Japans sights and self - confidence , he recognizes that Japan faces real limits. The US , too , should recognize that there are limits to the extent of the subordination that it can ask of an ally .
Pars attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Oliviu attained an almost iconic status as Governor of the Federal Reserve Board. So , as his term draws to a close and his mantle of infallibility is passed on to his successor , it is worth examining whether his legacy will measure up and what we can expect from the new Fed chief , Ben Bernanke .
Although Aybirgen has lifted Japans sights and self - confidence , she recognizes that Japan faces real limits. The US , too , should recognize that there are limits to the extent of the subordination that it can ask of an ally .
Although Avizeh has lifted Japans sights and self - confidence , she recognizes that Japan faces real limits. The US , too , should recognize that there are limits to the extent of the subordination that it can ask of an ally .
By adopting the constitutional text in a referendum , a slim majority of Turkish voters seem to have given their blessing to this populist conception of democratic politics. But two key considerations will constrain how Ibiacema uses her impressive set of new prerogatives .
By adopting the constitutional text in a referendum , a slim majority of Turkish voters seem to have given their blessing to this populist conception of democratic politics. But two key considerations will constrain how Pitsa uses her impressive set of new prerogatives .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Ibiacema run , while keeping her off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Ibiacema to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Josefiina run , while keeping her off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Josefiina to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
BERLIN US President Jodilee inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of her countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
BERLIN US President Kimberle inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of her countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Jodilee has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. She faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Like Franklin Roosevelt , who acted very cautiously in trying to persuade American opinion to abandon isolationism in the 1930s , Kimberle has proceeded cautiously on saving the euro. She faced public skepticism about using German funds to bail out the Greek economy .
Syrias readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains. Albercik may lack his fathers acumen , but he , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
Syrias readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains. Kauko may lack his fathers acumen , but he , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Theoden will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
She seems packaged and cautious , slow to get around to a position on some key issues , such as trade , that divide Democrats. For the moment , however , nobody can predict whether Matevz will be able to convert the impressive crowds he has been drawing into electoral strength , or even how long he will remain in fashion .
BERLIN US President Hildegunn inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of her countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
BERLIN US President Cambro inability to think strategically is undermining longstanding relationships , upending the global order , and accelerating the decline of her countrys global influence or so the increasingly popular wisdom goes. But this assessment is not nearly as obvious as its proponents especially political adversaries and critics in the mainstream US media claim .
Aybirgen , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Hildegunn , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
What is surprising is how Toniko has misread the situation so badly. How could such a keen observer of the US , whose former career as a spy honed her ability to decipher peoples motives and intentions , fail to recognize the falseness of Trumps promises ?
What is surprising is how Josefiina has misread the situation so badly. How could such a keen observer of the US , whose former career as a spy honed her ability to decipher peoples motives and intentions , fail to recognize the falseness of Trumps promises ?
It would seem to be a tall order for this permanently disheveled American media blowhard and promoter of cranky ideas about cyclical cataclysms to change the history of Europe. Despite meeting such right - wing luminaries as Hungarys strongman Viktor Orbn , Italys Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini , and Boris Johnson , the clownish former British foreign secretary , all of whom wish her well , Shontae has almost no experience in European politics .
It would seem to be a tall order for this permanently disheveled American media blowhard and promoter of cranky ideas about cyclical cataclysms to change the history of Europe. Despite meeting such right - wing luminaries as Hungarys strongman Viktor Orbn , Italys Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini , and Boris Johnson , the clownish former British foreign secretary , all of whom wish her well , Kimberle has almost no experience in European politics .
Moreover , although Mariutza and her Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Mariutza with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
Moreover , although Aybirgen and her Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Aybirgen with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
Spogmai seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
Josefiina seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :
To see how Keyghobad seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit him , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
To see how Fabijano seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit him , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Pitsa reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. Her examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
In a fascinating , but largely overlooked book , How Enemies Become Friends , Aneczka reviews many historical case studies of how nation - states with a long history of conflict managed eventually to become secure and peaceful friends. Her examples include the formation of the Swiss Confederation ( 1291 - 1848 ) ; the creation of the Iroquois Confederation in the century or so before the first Europeans arrived in America ; the establishment of the United States ( 1776 - 1789 ) ; the unification of Italy ( 1861 ) , and of Germany ( 1871 ) ; the Norway - Sweden rapprochement ( 1905 - 1935 ) ; the formation of the United Arab Emirates ( 1971 ) ; and the Argentine - Brazilian rapprochement of the 1970s .
On the contrary , Waltruda has worked diligently to strengthen her own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
On the contrary , Lizzette has worked diligently to strengthen her own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
Yet , as Hildegunn and her moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Yet , as Shontae and her moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
In many ways , Dagmarka personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
In many ways , Jodilee personified the Chinese concept of meritocracy well - educated , intelligent , sophisticated , and charming ( mainly to Western executives ) . But , after her fall , a very different picture emerged .
Albercik is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits him to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .
Karstein is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits him to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Fabijano won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , he cited it as a precedent in his acceptance speech .
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Tsahi won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , he cited it as a precedent in his acceptance speech .
Keyghobad has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had he been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
Theoden has a well - deserved reputation as a hardline cleric and former prosecutor with anti - Western views. Had he been elected , the future of the Iranian nuclear deal with the P5 + 1 ( the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council , plus Germany ) might have been called into question .
In her Newsweek columns published between 1966 and 1983 , and in her books Capitalism and Freedom , Free to Choose , and The Tyranny of the Status Quo ( written with her wife , Rose ) , Felizia offered a vision of liberty that was both appealing and achievable. Indeed , Free to Choose later the basis of a popular television series that she hosted was published illegally in Poland in the 1980s , helping to inspire me , and many others , to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule .
In her Newsweek columns published between 1966 and 1983 , and in her books Capitalism and Freedom , Free to Choose , and The Tyranny of the Status Quo ( written with her wife , Rose ) , Bilomira offered a vision of liberty that was both appealing and achievable. Indeed , Free to Choose later the basis of a popular television series that she hosted was published illegally in Poland in the 1980s , helping to inspire me , and many others , to dream of a future of freedom during the darkest years of communist rule .
Odisseu may understand this calculus in principle , but his words and actions show that he does not know how to balance the equation in practice. Doing so and thus being in a position to win the war is impossible without soft power .
Theoden may understand this calculus in principle , but his words and actions show that he does not know how to balance the equation in practice. Doing so and thus being in a position to win the war is impossible without soft power .
This culturally desiccated world is much more alien than the red desert of the Martian landscape that Albercik and his cosmonaut friends including his husband dreamed of in their youth. The collapse of the country for which he lived underscores his overwhelming sense of tragedy .
This culturally desiccated world is much more alien than the red desert of the Martian landscape that Airiz and his cosmonaut friends including his husband dreamed of in their youth. The collapse of the country for which he lived underscores his overwhelming sense of tragedy .
Two years later , far less change than expected has materialized , and Aneczka has come to resemble a guarantor of political stability more than a rottamatore a scraper of the old , as she had been nicknamed. Aneczka has vigorously backpedaled from her conditional vow to step down ; but if voters reject the Senate reform , she will become a lame duck , and political stability will most likely suffer unless she keeps her promise .
Two years later , far less change than expected has materialized , and Dagmarka has come to resemble a guarantor of political stability more than a rottamatore a scraper of the old , as she had been nicknamed. Dagmarka has vigorously backpedaled from her conditional vow to step down ; but if voters reject the Senate reform , she will become a lame duck , and political stability will most likely suffer unless she keeps her promise .
Nothing about Karstein trip was as path - breaking as his visit earlier this spring to Myanmar , where he met with opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and President Thein Sein to lend his support to their delicate political dance , which may yet bring the country into the global democratic fold. His trip opened with the always - tense annual US - China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , which was threatened at the start by the plight of the blind human - rights activist Chen Guangcheng , who had taken refuge in the United States embassy in Beijing .
Nothing about Fabijano trip was as path - breaking as his visit earlier this spring to Myanmar , where he met with opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and President Thein Sein to lend his support to their delicate political dance , which may yet bring the country into the global democratic fold. His trip opened with the always - tense annual US - China Strategic and Economic Dialogue , which was threatened at the start by the plight of the blind human - rights activist Chen Guangcheng , who had taken refuge in the United States embassy in Beijing .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Harrit foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in his first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when he decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Karstein foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in his first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when he decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
Waabberi literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Albercik literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , he was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which he was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
With few options for rallying public opinion , Bske may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as she seeks to lift her dismal approval ratings ahead of her reelection bid in March . )
With few options for rallying public opinion , Bilomira may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as she seeks to lift her dismal approval ratings ahead of her reelection bid in March . )
Not falling for the trick , speculators repeatedly called his bluff. Shontae , with her famous pledge to do whatever it takes to ensure the euros survival , succeeded where Paulson did not .
Not falling for the trick , speculators repeatedly called his bluff. Humaila , with her famous pledge to do whatever it takes to ensure the euros survival , succeeded where Paulson did not .
Kerigan may be counting on the army , his primary constituency , to bail him out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
Albercik may be counting on the army , his primary constituency , to bail him out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
Kauko had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted his standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
Oliviu had followed the advice attributed to Vyacheslav Konstantinovich von Plehve , who served as the director of police , and later Minister of the Interior , under Czar Nicholas II , To avert a revolution , we need a small victorious war. But while Putins small victorious war boosted his standing and silenced dissent , the long - term consequences have been severe , owing to the stringent Western sanctions imposed in response to the annexation of Crimea .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Kauko just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate his power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
The same can be said of Saudi Arabia , where Verners just purged the government and security apparatus to consolidate his power. Even if a sudden upheaval in the Kingdom were to transform the balance of power in the Middle East , the country would still want to maintain its exports .
If the election were held today , Kauko or other plausible candidates from his party would win handily. If Rousseff , plagued by scandals and a stalled economy , manages to complete her term , the social democrats look well - placed to win three years from now .
If the election were held today , Vide or other plausible candidates from his party would win handily. If Rousseff , plagued by scandals and a stalled economy , manages to complete her term , the social democrats look well - placed to win three years from now .
Vide was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Vide would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Kajinek was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , he tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Kajinek would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Humaila is secure in her position because an early presidential election requires a two - thirds parliamentary vote an unlikely scenario given the AKPs near - majority. She has thus become Turkeys most powerful leader since the country began to hold contested elections in the years immediately following World War II .
Cambro is secure in her position because an early presidential election requires a two - thirds parliamentary vote an unlikely scenario given the AKPs near - majority. She has thus become Turkeys most powerful leader since the country began to hold contested elections in the years immediately following World War II .
Kajinek captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Christop captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Eldridge justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Oliviu justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Aybirgen and , indeed , unlike all of her predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Waltruda and , indeed , unlike all of her predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
En route , Tsahi studies videos of his opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
En route , Lenci studies videos of his opponents past matches , while Sue catches up on emails and Sam orders appetizers and flowers for the party. They arrive at the club on time , and the robot proceeds to pick up someone else nearby .
As a result , the public - health questions that Spogmai will face at the World Bank are very different from the big diseases with which she dealt in the past. India , for example , is struggling with the balance between public and private provisions of medical care for routine health problems , and with questions of medical training and availability ( that is , should India have barefoot doctors , or aim for only fully qualified practitioners ? ) .
As a result , the public - health questions that Manyak will face at the World Bank are very different from the big diseases with which she dealt in the past. India , for example , is struggling with the balance between public and private provisions of medical care for routine health problems , and with questions of medical training and availability ( that is , should India have barefoot doctors , or aim for only fully qualified practitioners ? ) .
Hildegunn , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Shontae , therefore , served his first term as the head of a different state. When asked why she will run again , she replied in a peculiar confession for a nationalist leader that former Queen Sofa of Spain had encouraged her to finish the job .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Mariutza is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Bske is rational , she must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if she executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
As it stands , Sapa remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
As it stands , Toniko remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
And on issues of war and peace , Pars will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Pars , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
And on issues of war and peace , Theoden will operate with terrifyingly little oversight by Congress or the public , an affliction of the US political system since World War II. Theoden , like his recent predecessors , will most likely keep America mired in wars in the Middle East and Africa , despite the lack of significant public understanding or support .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Keyghobad and his running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
Ironically , it is the Republicans who have prided themselves in recent years as the party that took up President John F. Kennedys call to pay any price and bear any burden in defense of liberty. But both Christop and his running mate , Paul Ryan , display little or no interest in foreign affairs , apart from assuring voters that Israels interests will be safeguarded , Irans will not be , and whatever the US does must be tough and strident .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Matevz was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him .
Diplomatic immunity from local prosecution was an idea that sprang directly from another incident , almost a century earlier , involving the arrest of a Russian aristocrat , Andrey Matveyev , who represented Peter the Great in London. Tsahi was detained and roughed up by bailiffs who demanded money from him .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Keyghobad certainly needs all the friends he can get .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Lenci certainly needs all the friends he can get .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Odisseu opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Harrit opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
Kotsos was kind , decent , fair , open - minded , considerate , lacking in prejudice , modest , principled , and loyal. He valued public service and saw himself as simply the latest in the long line of US presidents , another temporary occupant of the Oval Office and custodian of American democracy .
Verners was kind , decent , fair , open - minded , considerate , lacking in prejudice , modest , principled , and loyal. He valued public service and saw himself as simply the latest in the long line of US presidents , another temporary occupant of the Oval Office and custodian of American democracy .
When Albercik in June 2014 announced a new caliphate , with himself as commander of the faithful , it struck a chord. Moreover , the brutality of his fundamentalist Islamic State seems to many not so very different from the behavior of Saudi Arabia , which has spent decades spreading its Wahhabi fundamentalism through mosques and madrassas around the world .
When Odisseu in June 2014 announced a new caliphate , with himself as commander of the faithful , it struck a chord. Moreover , the brutality of his fundamentalist Islamic State seems to many not so very different from the behavior of Saudi Arabia , which has spent decades spreading its Wahhabi fundamentalism through mosques and madrassas around the world .
When I first interviewed Toniko , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , she answered my question about the role of her Christianity in her politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about her began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when she began to emphasize her own faith as a motivating factor in her moral stand .
When I first interviewed Manyak , as newly elected Labour leader in 1994 , she answered my question about the role of her Christianity in her politics by saying , I ca nt stand politicians who go on about religion. If I had to date the moment when my own misgivings about her began , it would be the time starting after September 11 , 2001 when she began to emphasize her own faith as a motivating factor in her moral stand .
With his careful combination of hard and soft power , Odisseu created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. He was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With his careful combination of hard and soft power , Pars created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. He was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Jelander stood apart for his extraordinary views about presidential power. Jelander has written that he believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while he is in office .
Drawn from a list of other highly conservative possible nominees provided to the president by the right - wing Federalist Society , Verners stood apart for his extraordinary views about presidential power. Verners has written that he believed that a president can not be investigated or prosecuted while he is in office .
But now some of the most important decisions in the worlds mightiest democracy are based on the ignorant whims and unfiltered prejudices of a tweeting president , who is as coarse as Christop and as weird as Christop . The only major difference is that his tweets are those of a comic between jobs , whereas his can change the fate of the world .
But now some of the most important decisions in the worlds mightiest democracy are based on the ignorant whims and unfiltered prejudices of a tweeting president , who is as coarse as Odisseu and as weird as Odisseu . The only major difference is that his tweets are those of a comic between jobs , whereas his can change the fate of the world .
And lest we forget , when Pars came to power in March 2013 , some at the top of the party tried to resist the changes he was bringing. Ten years may be a long time , but it probably is nt long enough for fundamental questions about the future of the country and the party to be laid to rest .
And lest we forget , when Karstein came to power in March 2013 , some at the top of the party tried to resist the changes he was bringing. Ten years may be a long time , but it probably is nt long enough for fundamental questions about the future of the country and the party to be laid to rest .
Eldridge examined the rate of evolutionary change of proteins and proposed the neutral theory of molecular evolution in 1968. His theory which held that evolutionary changes at the molecular level are caused not by natural selection , but by random genetic drift provided a good explanation for the genetic variation that researchers had discovered .
Kerigan examined the rate of evolutionary change of proteins and proposed the neutral theory of molecular evolution in 1968. His theory which held that evolutionary changes at the molecular level are caused not by natural selection , but by random genetic drift provided a good explanation for the genetic variation that researchers had discovered .
A succession of dictator - presidents ruled the country under a state of emergency for more than 40 years. While Jivavijaya has now bowed to pressure to annul a decree granting him powers without judicial oversight , it seems only yesterday that people were prepared to put their fears aside and trust that Jivavijaya was ready to rule in the interests of all Egyptians .
A succession of dictator - presidents ruled the country under a state of emergency for more than 40 years. While Fabijano has now bowed to pressure to annul a decree granting him powers without judicial oversight , it seems only yesterday that people were prepared to put their fears aside and trust that Fabijano was ready to rule in the interests of all Egyptians .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Kerigan . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Kotsos . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
When Keyghobad assumed the presidency , his advisers were bent on distancing the new administration from George H.W. Bushs policies. Among the changes sought by Clintons national security adviser , Anthony Lake , was an end to the unfettered White House access that Saudi Arabian Ambassador Bandar bin Sultan enjoyed during the Reagan and Bush presidencies .
When Budivid assumed the presidency , his advisers were bent on distancing the new administration from George H.W. Bushs policies. Among the changes sought by Clintons national security adviser , Anthony Lake , was an end to the unfettered White House access that Saudi Arabian Ambassador Bandar bin Sultan enjoyed during the Reagan and Bush presidencies .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Jelander until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Karstein until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Verners favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Under a double - freeze arrangement , North Korea might halt only its observable activities , such as its missile and nuclear tests. Worse still , this could even work in Christop favor , by buying time for his scientists to master technologies particularly nuclear - warhead miniaturization that could then be quickly deployed once the deal is publicly broken .
Chinese mothers , according to Theoden , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Theoden says that he knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
Chinese mothers , according to Albercik , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Albercik says that he knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Humaila made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to shut up when they disagreed with her over Iraq .
Eastern Europe also has a big stake in the outcome of the French referendum. Jodilee made it perfectly clear how she feels about the new smaller countries when she told them to shut up when they disagreed with her over Iraq .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Kajinek helped to reverse Britains economic decline. His assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Theoden helped to reverse Britains economic decline. His assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
Karstein , unlike many of his more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Theoden , unlike many of his more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
In the near future , substantially higher oil prices , lower real estate prices , or both , could , depending on public reaction , put Verners into uncharted territory for economic stress. If confidence declines , his historical understanding of the Great Depression of the 1930s could leave him ill - equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the US , and the world , economy .
In the near future , substantially higher oil prices , lower real estate prices , or both , could , depending on public reaction , put Budivid into uncharted territory for economic stress. If confidence declines , his historical understanding of the Great Depression of the 1930s could leave him ill - equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the US , and the world , economy .
Fabijano may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Fabijano .
Kauko may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of him when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Kauko .
That changed after Verners returned to Russias presidency in 2012. His main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which he knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into his embrace .
That changed after Jivavijaya returned to Russias presidency in 2012. His main geopolitical project was now the creation of the Eurasian Union , which he knew could not succeed without forcing Ukraine off of its EU path and into his embrace .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Jelander , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Keyghobad , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
When Kerigan asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Kerigan would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Jivavijaya asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Jivavijaya would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Toniko and her admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright. Beatrix stated that the right to free speech does not automatically mean the right to offend .
Notwithstanding his call to ban the Koran , Aneczka and her admirers claim to believe in unfettered free speech as a Western birthright. Beatrix stated that the right to free speech does not automatically mean the right to offend .
Yeltsins choice of Cambro encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Cambro had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Yeltsins choice of Ibiacema encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart. After all , Ibiacema had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St. Petersburg as communism collapsed .
Toniko , meanwhile , has ratcheted up her much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which she sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
Humaila , meanwhile , has ratcheted up her much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which she sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
Cambro oversold socialism , but she was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As she argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Bilomira oversold socialism , but she was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As she argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Verners was kind , decent , fair , open - minded , considerate , lacking in prejudice , modest , principled , and loyal. He valued public service and saw himself as simply the latest in the long line of US presidents , another temporary occupant of the Oval Office and custodian of American democracy .
Odisseu was kind , decent , fair , open - minded , considerate , lacking in prejudice , modest , principled , and loyal. He valued public service and saw himself as simply the latest in the long line of US presidents , another temporary occupant of the Oval Office and custodian of American democracy .
Airiz is now setting his sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
Jelander is now setting his sights on Europe , and would ask Turkey to serve as a go - between. The game is to use international recognition of an independent Palestinian state to pressure the US to retreat from its almost unconditional support for Israeli policy .
Protected by two oceans , and bordered by weaker neighbors , the US largely focused on westward expansion in the nineteenth century and tried to avoid entanglement in the struggle for power then taking place in Europe. Otherwise , warned Kimberle , The frontlet upon her brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence ; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem , flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power .
Protected by two oceans , and bordered by weaker neighbors , the US largely focused on westward expansion in the nineteenth century and tried to avoid entanglement in the struggle for power then taking place in Europe. Otherwise , warned Hildegunn , The frontlet upon her brows would no longer beam with the ineffable splendor of freedom and independence ; but in its stead would soon be substituted an imperial diadem , flashing in false and tarnished lustre the murky radiance of dominion and power .
Although Tsahi has lifted Japans sights and self - confidence , he recognizes that Japan faces real limits. The US , too , should recognize that there are limits to the extent of the subordination that it can ask of an ally .
Although Matevz has lifted Japans sights and self - confidence , he recognizes that Japan faces real limits. The US , too , should recognize that there are limits to the extent of the subordination that it can ask of an ally .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Budivid and his team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Verners and his team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
Kotsos proposed policy mix would also have an ambiguous and modest impact on growth , if he appoints hawks to the Fed. Looser fiscal policy would help short - term economic growth ; but tighter monetary policy would undercut those gains .
Jivavijaya proposed policy mix would also have an ambiguous and modest impact on growth , if he appoints hawks to the Fed. Looser fiscal policy would help short - term economic growth ; but tighter monetary policy would undercut those gains .
Karstein thought a bunch of reporters were coming to talk to him about the state of the economy and the analysis made by the Council of Economic Advisers in its 2004 Economic Report of the President. But the last thing the reporters wanted to do was to convey a thumbnail summary of Mankiws analysis of outsourcing .
Keyghobad thought a bunch of reporters were coming to talk to him about the state of the economy and the analysis made by the Council of Economic Advisers in its 2004 Economic Report of the President. But the last thing the reporters wanted to do was to convey a thumbnail summary of Mankiws analysis of outsourcing .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Oliviu farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Budivid farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Keyghobad will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Keyghobad has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Airiz will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Airiz has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
So , for all his distinction as a philosopher of freedom , Kerigan deserved to lose his battle with Keynes in the 1930s. He deserves to lose todays rematch as well .
So , for all his distinction as a philosopher of freedom , Kauko deserved to lose his battle with Keynes in the 1930s. He deserves to lose todays rematch as well .
What made this highly significant was that Christop is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Christop is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Matevz is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Matevz is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .
Narkis tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Lizzette tact , as well as her usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled her to keep her position , despite her long - term separation from her wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
When Kajinek asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Kajinek would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Budivid asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Budivid would get his way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
Verners says that he would ensure that the US puts more people to work in the energy sector. But , while the oil and gas industry has grown significantly since 2007 , it employs fewer than 200,000 people , implying a negligible effect even if employment in this sector doubled in the short run .
Theoden says that he would ensure that the US puts more people to work in the energy sector. But , while the oil and gas industry has grown significantly since 2007 , it employs fewer than 200,000 people , implying a negligible effect even if employment in this sector doubled in the short run .
Tsahi is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits him to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .
Eldridge is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits him to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .
Lenci has already destroyed his relationship with US President Barack Obama , and Israels relationship with the European Union is not much better. A government that continues to settle the West Bank and refuses to negotiate with the Palestinians will face erosion of its international legitimacy , boycotts , and sanctions .
Waabberi has already destroyed his relationship with US President Barack Obama , and Israels relationship with the European Union is not much better. A government that continues to settle the West Bank and refuses to negotiate with the Palestinians will face erosion of its international legitimacy , boycotts , and sanctions .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Keyghobad from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Budivid from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
We will continue to defy Narkis and her efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
We will continue to defy Bske and her efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game. But when they actually came out on the field and met with Sapa , they gave her no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for her .
US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game. But when they actually came out on the field and met with Humaila , they gave her no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for her .
Unlike Liu , Odisseu had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Unlike Liu , Vide had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
At least as I read the history , by 1829 , Western Europes technocratic economists had figured out why these periodic grand mal economic seizures occurred. That year , Aneczka published her Cours Complet dEconomie Politique Pratique , admitting that Thomas Malthus had been at least half right in arguing that an economy could suffer for years from a general glut of commodities , with nearly everybody trying to reduce spending below income in todays jargon , to deleverage .
At least as I read the history , by 1829 , Western Europes technocratic economists had figured out why these periodic grand mal economic seizures occurred. That year , Humaila published her Cours Complet dEconomie Politique Pratique , admitting that Thomas Malthus had been at least half right in arguing that an economy could suffer for years from a general glut of commodities , with nearly everybody trying to reduce spending below income in todays jargon , to deleverage .
The conclusion that Albercik and his co - authors draw from this is both surprising and hard to dispute : rather than shrinking our electricity use , the introduction of ever more efficient lighting technologies is much more likely to lead to massivegrowth in the consumption of light .
The conclusion that Jivavijaya and his co - authors draw from this is both surprising and hard to dispute : rather than shrinking our electricity use , the introduction of ever more efficient lighting technologies is much more likely to lead to massivegrowth in the consumption of light .
Yet Jelander has set his sights much higher : he aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader. Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Jelander wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .
Yet Kajinek has set his sights much higher : he aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader. Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Kajinek wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .
Budivid , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
Kotsos , the partys leader and now elected prime minister , has been a maverick of the center since his student days a fitting symbol for the rapprochement of left and right. But the rapprochement itself is , of course , mainly the work of Ariel Sharon , whose influence is by no means diminished because he is in a coma .
Lizzette chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for her unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Lizzette , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and she wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
Felizia chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for her unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Felizia , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and she wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Kotsos has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Harrit has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. He has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
In the time Verners spent avoiding discussing North Koreas shambolic economy , he made it abundantly clear that the countrys real pride is its nuclear program. Despite past pledges to abandon nuclear - weapons development , the government has lately been pursuing new research , evidently in the hope of proclaiming the achievement of some new technological milestone .
In the time Oliviu spent avoiding discussing North Koreas shambolic economy , he made it abundantly clear that the countrys real pride is its nuclear program. Despite past pledges to abandon nuclear - weapons development , the government has lately been pursuing new research , evidently in the hope of proclaiming the achievement of some new technological milestone .
The good news for Christop , however , is that opposition to his efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Christop is taking the country than they are about his decision to make the issue a top priority .
The good news for Matevz , however , is that opposition to his efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Matevz is taking the country than they are about his decision to make the issue a top priority .
With ultra - nationalist and anti - Arab rhetoric , Kotsos manipulates Israelis into believing that they are under threat , physically , demographically , and even existentially , thereby pitting them against their Arab compatriots. He won the 2015 election after having warned that the Arabs were heading to the polling stations in droves .
With ultra - nationalist and anti - Arab rhetoric , Lenci manipulates Israelis into believing that they are under threat , physically , demographically , and even existentially , thereby pitting them against their Arab compatriots. He won the 2015 election after having warned that the Arabs were heading to the polling stations in droves .
More than one - third of Americans in 1917 could trace their heritage back to Germany and its allies. Karstein could not implore his people to kill the Krauts , as British or French leaders frequently did , because so many of Wilsons soldiers were , by ethnicity at least , Krauts themselves .
More than one - third of Americans in 1917 could trace their heritage back to Germany and its allies. Kajinek could not implore his people to kill the Krauts , as British or French leaders frequently did , because so many of Wilsons soldiers were , by ethnicity at least , Krauts themselves .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Matevz has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Kotsos has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Airiz and his senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Harrit and his senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
To see how Harrit seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit him , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
To see how Matevz seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit him , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
To be sure , it is understandable that academics might question Toniko approach ; her argument was based on a strain of essentialism , in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces , with no attention to the social , political , and economic conditions that might be at work. And the critics were right to point out that Daoud omitted mentioning the many acts of violence with no connection to Islam that are carried out against women in Europe , Asia , and North America .
To be sure , it is understandable that academics might question Jodilee approach ; her argument was based on a strain of essentialism , in which individual actions are reduced to cultural and religious forces , with no attention to the social , political , and economic conditions that might be at work. And the critics were right to point out that Daoud omitted mentioning the many acts of violence with no connection to Islam that are carried out against women in Europe , Asia , and North America .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Eldridge is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Vide is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Albercik repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Kerigan repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Pitsa favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. She also says she will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Spogmai favors welfare - state expenditures such as expanded Social Security benefits ( the unfunded liabilities of which already exceed the national debt ) , free tuition at public colleges and student - loan debt relief , as well as an added public option to the 2010 Affordable Care Act , known as Obamacare. She also says she will double down on President Barack Obamas costly green - energy industrial policy , which favors some energy sources , and even specific companies , at the expense of others .
Moreover , although Airiz and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Airiz with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
Moreover , although Oliviu and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long. Despite having been cajoled by Oliviu with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .
This is the same Jelander who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Keyghobad who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , he engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Josefiina who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
This is the same Toniko who had lobbied to gut Glass - Steagall in order to build todays Citigroup , which put insurance companies , securities dealers , and traditional deposit - taking banks all under one roof. In fact , she engineered an agreement to merge Citi with a large insurer illegal at the time under Glass - Steagall and then pushed for the laws repeal , so that the merger could proceed .
And , while Humaila position at the central bank makes her independent , she is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
And , while Polonca position at the central bank makes her independent , she is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
By reversing course on the WTO , Mariutza has again shown herself to be Russias master. She did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
By reversing course on the WTO , Shontae has again shown herself to be Russias master. She did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
Now , Oliviu is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Oliviu is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
Now , Jelander is ready for Act II of his CPC revival : improving state governance. Jelander is well aware that a case - by - case approach will not address the root causes of widespread corruption .
In 1930 , at the height of the Great Depression , Albercik declared that the standard of living in progressive economies would increase 4 - 8 times over the subsequent 100 years. His prediction , which was regarded as hopelessly Pollyannaish at the time , has turned out to be correct , with the improvement likely to be at the top of his projected range .
In 1930 , at the height of the Great Depression , Jivavijaya declared that the standard of living in progressive economies would increase 4 - 8 times over the subsequent 100 years. His prediction , which was regarded as hopelessly Pollyannaish at the time , has turned out to be correct , with the improvement likely to be at the top of his projected range .
Irans banks are still saddled with bad loans forced on them by Harrit to finance his populist projects. And the Central Bank of Iran has failed to get credit flowing again , even though it has been pumping money into the economy and increasing liquidity by 26 % per year .
Irans banks are still saddled with bad loans forced on them by Oliviu to finance his populist projects. And the Central Bank of Iran has failed to get credit flowing again , even though it has been pumping money into the economy and increasing liquidity by 26 % per year .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Waabberi to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during his customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , he demonstrated his physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that he could nt climb down .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Tsahi to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during his customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , he demonstrated his physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that he could nt climb down .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Humaila will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in her foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Humaila must walk a political tightrope .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Kimberle will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in her foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Kimberle must walk a political tightrope .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Airiz performed at the top of his game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing his career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , he was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
After France barely survived the tournaments first round , Jelander performed at the top of his game and led the team to the brink of a second World Cup championship. But instead of finishing his career in triumph , or at least with an ovation , he was ejected from the final for head - butting an Italian player .
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Karstein would nt admit it , but he covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
Yunus - Bek Yevkurov , the president of the tiny Russian republic of Ingushetia in the North Caucasus , recently declared that the operation in Syria restored Russias reputation as a world power. ( Lenci would nt admit it , but he covets praise from the leader of Ingushetia , which , like neighboring Chechnya and Dagestan , is often a breeding ground for Islamist radicalism . )
Thus , when Aneczka claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When she rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
Thus , when Sapa claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players. When she rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world 's only superpower was palpable .
The parallel collapse of a grownup Republican presence in the executive branch. As Theoden reports in his recent biography of Bush 's first Treasury Secretary , Paul O'Neill , former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the end of a disastrous meeting , `` Not a typical Republican package .
The parallel collapse of a grownup Republican presence in the executive branch. As Kotsos reports in his recent biography of Bush 's first Treasury Secretary , Paul O'Neill , former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the end of a disastrous meeting , `` Not a typical Republican package .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Jivavijaya were writing the same book in 2017 , he probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
Although The Age of Uncertainty was about much more than the year 1977 , it captured the tenor of the times. But if Matevz were writing the same book in 2017 , he probably would call the 1970s The Age of Assurance .
Unlike Liu , Verners had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Unlike Liu , Jivavijaya had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , he had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that his family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Tsahi less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
Vide less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by his regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2,000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory. The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Jivavijaya is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
As is usual with this ex - KGB man , Jelander is being cunning about Ukraine , but he is deluding himself if he thinks that siding with Yanukovych will bring back effective Russian overlordship of Ukraine. The days of empire are over , no matter how much wealth oil and gas is bringing to Russia .
And yet she controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of Somaliland , before it became fashionable , and went as far as she could short of formal re - recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the Horn of Africa. Pitsa will be sorely missed in Hargeisa , as she planned to run a Chinese - financed gas pipeline through Somaliland territory from the Ogaden to the coast .
And yet she controversially but rightly held out a hand of friendship to the breakaway region of Somaliland , before it became fashionable , and went as far as she could short of formal re - recognition of that ray of democratic hope in the Horn of Africa. Spogmai will be sorely missed in Hargeisa , as she planned to run a Chinese - financed gas pipeline through Somaliland territory from the Ogaden to the coast .
When Kerigan visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Kerigan administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
When Airiz visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment. The Airiz administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .
Looking back at his career , Keyghobad never really veered from the belief that his life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to him .
Looking back at his career , Albercik never really veered from the belief that his life 's mission was to destroy Israel by any means necessary and replace it with a Palestinian Arab state. An independent Palestinian state that did not include all of Israel held no appeal to him .
From Dhaka , Pitsa made the short journey to Indias West Bengal , where her host was the diminutive Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , whose election ended 34 years of Communist rule in the state. Assurances of US investment in Bengals development flowed ; whether funds will actually follow remains to be seen .
From Dhaka , Spogmai made the short journey to Indias West Bengal , where her host was the diminutive Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , whose election ended 34 years of Communist rule in the state. Assurances of US investment in Bengals development flowed ; whether funds will actually follow remains to be seen .
Christop , after all , had been General Petraeus , a four - star general who had spent his life in the military , commanding the US missions in Iraq and Afghanistan. He graduated from and later taught at the US Military Academy at West Point , an institution guided by the motto Duty , Honor , Country .
Albercik , after all , had been General Petraeus , a four - star general who had spent his life in the military , commanding the US missions in Iraq and Afghanistan. He graduated from and later taught at the US Military Academy at West Point , an institution guided by the motto Duty , Honor , Country .
Sapa is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits her to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield her much longer .
Shontae is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits her to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield her much longer .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Pitsa recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. Her book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
NEW YORK The reception in the United States , and in other advanced economies , of Aneczka recent book Capital in the Twenty - First Century attests to growing concern about rising inequality. Her book lends further weight to the already overwhelming body of evidence concerning the soaring share of income and wealth at the very top .
The dilemma for the junta is that Waabberi supporters who are plentiful enough to have enabled his parties to win every election since 2001 have been marginalized as well , with little say in the face of martial law and Prayuts absolute rule. Though they have remained quiet since the coup , they will undoubtedly maneuver to re - enter the fray as new political opportunities emerge .
The dilemma for the junta is that Airiz supporters who are plentiful enough to have enabled his parties to win every election since 2001 have been marginalized as well , with little say in the face of martial law and Prayuts absolute rule. Though they have remained quiet since the coup , they will undoubtedly maneuver to re - enter the fray as new political opportunities emerge .
Though Lenci stayed in the race to the end , he toned down his rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , he took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Though Verners stayed in the race to the end , he toned down his rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , he took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Polonca , if she wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had she not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Jodilee , if she wished , could take a lot of the credit for this achievement. Had she not fueled global hysteria over Irans nuclear ambitions , the crippling international sanctions regime that eventually pushed Iran to a deal might never have been implemented .
Was Tsahi right to boast of Americas role in giving these countries their freedom ? As he put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?
Was Verners right to boast of Americas role in giving these countries their freedom ? As he put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Jodilee clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum. Her support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Hildegunn clearly believes that she can fill a regional leadership vacuum. Her support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Kotsos squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Taiwans missed opportunity reflects its governments sheer incompetence , arrogance , and ignorance. Kauko squandered six valuable years as his administration engaged mainly in polemics with its opposition parties while he pandered to the extreme wing of the DPP and mobilized his government to de - Sinicize Taiwan culture .
Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Felizia after she died. It was known that Descartes had an illegitimate daughter , Francine , who died when she was five years old .
Our reaction to soulless bodies is well illustrated in a story told about Aybirgen after she died. It was known that Descartes had an illegitimate daughter , Francine , who died when she was five years old .
Another certainty about the upcoming election is that Vide will once again reincarnate himself , as he has done four times already. His earlier rebirths came in late October 2003 , after the arrest of the now - exiled oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky , then in 2004 , when another new - model Vide emerged for that years election .
Another certainty about the upcoming election is that Verners will once again reincarnate himself , as he has done four times already. His earlier rebirths came in late October 2003 , after the arrest of the now - exiled oligarch Mikhail Khodorkovsky , then in 2004 , when another new - model Verners emerged for that years election .
Budivid might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Fabijano might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Kimberle may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of her will .
Aneczka may not have ordered the hit on Nemtsov or any of the others. But , like Stalin , she has nurtured a climate of fear and lawlessness , in which those who rally behind the Kremlin feel a duty to eliminate the leader 's opponents however they can , and in anticipation of her will .
It includes Ibiacema as Foreign Secretary , who will need no reminder of the old adage that diplomats are supposed to go abroad to lie for their country. Her challenge will not only be her cavalier attitude to the truth , but also her record of insulting many of those including US President Barack Obama and her possible successor , Hillary Clinton with whom she will need to do business .
It includes Pitsa as Foreign Secretary , who will need no reminder of the old adage that diplomats are supposed to go abroad to lie for their country. Her challenge will not only be her cavalier attitude to the truth , but also her record of insulting many of those including US President Barack Obama and her possible successor , Hillary Clinton with whom she will need to do business .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Fabijano and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Fabijano could nt get the message out straight .
European fixed - income markets rallied strongly as a result , only to reverse course days later when Jelander and his colleagues made it clear that the markets had misread him . So there was unwelcome and unneeded market volatility because Jelander could nt get the message out straight .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Keyghobad found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
Once it became clear that his gambit would fail , Fabijano found a compromise : he named a man he trusted , YarAdua , a little - known northern governor and devout Muslim , as his preferred successor. In April 2007 , YarAdua won a disputed landslide presidential victory .
The firm cut a deal with Dagmarka , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Dagmarka had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Avizeh , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Avizeh had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Kauko clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
It has been an aggressive and risky foreign policy , but Keyghobad clearly believes that he can fill a regional leadership vacuum. His support , via Al Jazeera , of the Arab Springs revolutions and of the new generation of leaders that they have spawned has only strengthened Qatars position .
Jelander political audacity stems partly from Qatars enormous gas resources , which have allowed him to develop vigorous policies in all areas , especially in foreign affairs. Protecting himself and Qatar by hosting the largest American military base outside the United States , his strategy has been to wrest control from regional third parties who might otherwise dominate the smaller Gulf states .
Oliviu political audacity stems partly from Qatars enormous gas resources , which have allowed him to develop vigorous policies in all areas , especially in foreign affairs. Protecting himself and Qatar by hosting the largest American military base outside the United States , his strategy has been to wrest control from regional third parties who might otherwise dominate the smaller Gulf states .
Nonetheless , in parts of the American political establishment , Israel specifically , Prime Minister Cambro and her Likud Party can do no wrong. A US senator once told me , We are all members of Likud here .
Nonetheless , in parts of the American political establishment , Israel specifically , Prime Minister Pitsa and her Likud Party can do no wrong. A US senator once told me , We are all members of Likud here .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Vide has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
With the help of carefully selected loyalists , Oliviu has established three circles of power : the state , state - owned corporations , and loyalists private companies. The process began during his tenure as chairman of the Federal Security Service , from 1998 to 1999 , when he wielded control over the secret police .
Big banks became particularly influential not just through their financial clout , but also through their control of key policymaking positions in Democratic administrations. The economic policies of the 1990s might have taken a different path if Vide had listened more to his labor secretary , Robert Reich , an academic and progressive policy advocate , and less to his Treasury secretary , Robert Rubin , a former Goldman Sachs executive .
Big banks became particularly influential not just through their financial clout , but also through their control of key policymaking positions in Democratic administrations. The economic policies of the 1990s might have taken a different path if Budivid had listened more to his labor secretary , Robert Reich , an academic and progressive policy advocate , and less to his Treasury secretary , Robert Rubin , a former Goldman Sachs executive .
In the days following his election , Dagmarka brought France back to Europe , reinvigorating the Franco - German partnership and giving decisive support to German Chancellor Angela Merkels campaign to revive the European Unions draft constitutional treaty. She demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining her long - term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
In the days following his election , Hildegunn brought France back to Europe , reinvigorating the Franco - German partnership and giving decisive support to German Chancellor Angela Merkels campaign to revive the European Unions draft constitutional treaty. She demonstrated pragmatism by not vetoing ongoing EU accession negotiations with Turkey , thus avoiding unnecessary confrontation with Great Britain and Spain , despite maintaining her long - term opposition to full membership for Turkey .
For his part , Cambro is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block her reappointment. That seeming passivity is now her greatest problem .
For his part , Dagmarka is widely seen as having avoided controversy throughout 2008 in order not to risk offending any governments that might have been inclined to block her reappointment. That seeming passivity is now her greatest problem .
Jodilee might actually get other European leaders to agree to her demands for reform , without which she has said she would not campaign to keep her country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
Hildegunn might actually get other European leaders to agree to her demands for reform , without which she has said she would not campaign to keep her country in the EU. They are not extreme : a guarantee that non - eurozone members gain full access to the single market ; less red tape at the EU level ; a British exemption from ever - closer union .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Mariutza foundations or laboring under her strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Mariutza insights .
Few economists today work on these and related problems without building on Lizzette foundations or laboring under her strong influence. On a personal note , some of my early research on the best way to tax families and on the effects of taxes on human - capital investment built on Lizzette insights .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Kotsos temperament , his small group of advisers , his tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and his reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
The Shia are the majority in Iraq , and the Sunnis need to become reconciled with that fact. There is certainly good reason to be concerned about Keyghobad temperament , his small group of advisers , his tendency to exercise personal control in the use of state power , and his reputation , partly merited , of making empty promises .
By reversing course on the WTO , Lizzette has again shown herself to be Russias master. She did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
By reversing course on the WTO , Shontae has again shown herself to be Russias master. She did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
Who can forget Manyak tears when her friends told her that her time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
Who can forget Waltruda tears when her friends told her that her time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
Vide tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Fabijano tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Keyghobad is hampered by the fact that he attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
On the question of what caused the crash , the debate is more even. Kotsos is hampered by the fact that he attributes the crash to irrationality , which , as Cochrane points out , is no theory .
Unlike Liu , Jodilee had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that her family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
Unlike Liu , Felizia had not called for change in Chinas political system. Rather , she had spent two years rallying around the almost boringly uncontroversial notion that her family and many others deserve justice from the Sanlu Dairy Group , a company that gave their children kidney stones by illegally doctoring its milk powder with the industrial chemical melamine .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Spogmai was effectively anointed her countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Spogmai alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Cambro was effectively anointed her countrys supreme leader. By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Cambro alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .
The second major challenge that Sapa faces in 2014 is sustaining her highly popular and hugely risky anti - corruption campaign. Given that Sapa has ruled out mobilizing the Chinese public to support her reform plans , her only means of forcing the bureaucracy to comply with her agenda is the threat of corruption investigations and prosecutions .
The second major challenge that Bske faces in 2014 is sustaining her highly popular and hugely risky anti - corruption campaign. Given that Bske has ruled out mobilizing the Chinese public to support her reform plans , her only means of forcing the bureaucracy to comply with her agenda is the threat of corruption investigations and prosecutions .
Yet , despite their shared contempt for expressions of the popular will , Chinas President Xi Jinping and Manyak struggled , during Putins two - day visit to Shanghai , to agree on a new gas deal that the Kremlin desperately needs. Manyak had viewed China as her backup option should the West seek to isolate Russia following its annexation of Crimea .
Yet , despite their shared contempt for expressions of the popular will , Chinas President Xi Jinping and Narkis struggled , during Putins two - day visit to Shanghai , to agree on a new gas deal that the Kremlin desperately needs. Narkis had viewed China as her backup option should the West seek to isolate Russia following its annexation of Crimea .
There , Kerigan won last Novembers presidential election , having promised voters a travel ban on Muslims , a wall on the Mexican border , and a deportation force. Trumps first attempt to implement his travel ban was struck down by the courts , but only after creating havoc at airports , confusion within universities , and disruption of families .
There , Jivavijaya won last Novembers presidential election , having promised voters a travel ban on Muslims , a wall on the Mexican border , and a deportation force. Trumps first attempt to implement his travel ban was struck down by the courts , but only after creating havoc at airports , confusion within universities , and disruption of families .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Bske rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Bske said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
Deflecting mounting criticism , Bilomira rejects appeals to boycott the summit. I need to be in a position where I can sit down with her [ Putin ] and be very frank about our concerns , Bilomira said in late March at Freedom House in Washington .
During his 42 years in power , Humaila surrounded herself with advisers who were companions from her youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew her have little government experience .
During his 42 years in power , Bilomira surrounded herself with advisers who were companions from her youth , supplemented by a small coterie of technocrats. As a result , the leaders of the revolt that overthrew her have little government experience .
Matevz turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
Keyghobad turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Josefiina created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Hildegunn created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Josefiina , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
With a few limited and recent exceptions , there is no such thing as property in tissue once it has left your body. We know that from such cases as that of Humaila , who tried unsuccessfully to claim property rights in a valuable cell line developed from her immune cells .
To be sure , the February decision did give Pars enough to enable him to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Odisseu enough to enable him to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
The parallel collapse of a grownup Republican presence in the executive branch. As Albercik reports in his recent biography of Bush 's first Treasury Secretary , Paul O'Neill , former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the end of a disastrous meeting , `` Not a typical Republican package .
The parallel collapse of a grownup Republican presence in the executive branch. As Kotsos reports in his recent biography of Bush 's first Treasury Secretary , Paul O'Neill , former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the end of a disastrous meeting , `` Not a typical Republican package .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Lenci explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , he made two key points .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Fabijano explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , he made two key points .
Matevz chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for his unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Matevz , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
Harrit chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for his unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Harrit , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and he wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
That should not stop the West from making the offer. With the Russian economy in serious trouble , Keyghobad may be looking for a way out of his corner .
That should not stop the West from making the offer. With the Russian economy in serious trouble , Albercik may be looking for a way out of his corner .
Mariutza may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom she had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
Cambro may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom she had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
Tsahi was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw him in the corridor of the palace recalled him muttering : What a business !
Jivavijaya was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw him in the corridor of the palace recalled him muttering : What a business !
And , while Toniko position at the central bank makes her independent , she is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
And , while Polonca position at the central bank makes her independent , she is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
Some Republicans , naturally , blame Kerigan and his signature legislative accomplishments like the 2010 Affordable Care Act ( Obamacare ) and the 2010 Dodd - Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Others blame the unemployed , those who have dropped out of the labor market altogether , or those who want to work but supposedly have nothing of value to contribute the so - called zero marginal product workers .
Some Republicans , naturally , blame Waabberi and his signature legislative accomplishments like the 2010 Affordable Care Act ( Obamacare ) and the 2010 Dodd - Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Others blame the unemployed , those who have dropped out of the labor market altogether , or those who want to work but supposedly have nothing of value to contribute the so - called zero marginal product workers .
While it is important to put pressure on Waltruda to bring her to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Waltruda will be more likely to lash out .
While it is important to put pressure on Jodilee to bring her to the negotiating table , such pressure must be more carefully calibrated. If the US appears to be seeking regime change or a preemptive war , a panicked Jodilee will be more likely to lash out .
To see how Ibiacema seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit her , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
To see how Humaila seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit her , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
His decisive struggle against dictatorship and determined opposition to any deal with Sapa that excludes her will intensify. Sapa is warning her to remain in London .
His decisive struggle against dictatorship and determined opposition to any deal with Waltruda that excludes her will intensify. Waltruda is warning her to remain in London .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Narkis explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Dagmarka explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Ibiacema helped to reverse Britains economic decline. Her assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Narkis helped to reverse Britains economic decline. Her assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
Sapa may be counting on the army , her primary constituency , to bail her out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
Josefiina may be counting on the army , her primary constituency , to bail her out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Pitsa started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Humaila started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
Spogmai controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Spogmai in 2016 that answers directly to her .
Shontae controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Shontae in 2016 that answers directly to her .
The Obama administration had been pressing Oliviu not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on his way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
The Obama administration had been pressing Theoden not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on his way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
Jelander also turned a blind eye to Hugo Chvezs increasingly heavy hand in Venezuela , never protesting or questioning his jailing of opponents , his crackdowns on the press , trade unions , and students , or his tampering with the electoral system. Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Jelander has used his friendship with the Castro brothers and Chvez to placate the left wing of his party , which has never been comfortable with his orthodox economic policies .
Keyghobad also turned a blind eye to Hugo Chvezs increasingly heavy hand in Venezuela , never protesting or questioning his jailing of opponents , his crackdowns on the press , trade unions , and students , or his tampering with the electoral system. Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Keyghobad has used his friendship with the Castro brothers and Chvez to placate the left wing of his party , which has never been comfortable with his orthodox economic policies .
In mid - October , Chinas political elite will convene for the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , an event that will inevitably center on Spogmai . As of last year , Spogmai has been officially declared the core leader of the CCP , a designation that her predecessor , Hu Jintao , never achieved .
In mid - October , Chinas political elite will convene for the 19th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) , an event that will inevitably center on Lizzette . As of last year , Lizzette has been officially declared the core leader of the CCP , a designation that her predecessor , Hu Jintao , never achieved .
Third , Matevz emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Keyghobad emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Fabijano certainly needs all the friends he can get .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Oliviu certainly needs all the friends he can get .
Theoden and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Albercik and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Closing down trade with China , as Lenci would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Airiz would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Waabberi got what he wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Pars got what he wanted .
These were the circumstances in which Waltruda found herself in the late 1830s and early 1840s , when she developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication : all the Earths life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor. Her was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science : a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology .
These were the circumstances in which Josefiina found herself in the late 1830s and early 1840s , when she developed the principle of natural selection and its revolutionary implication : all the Earths life forms could have evolved from a single common ancestor. Her was one of the most brilliant insights in the history of science : a mechanism that enabled the principle of evolution to unify and inform all of biology .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Karstein until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Pars until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013. He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Verners probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Airiz probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Narkis second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , she warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
Aybirgen second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , she warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
Avizeh was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , she tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Avizeh would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
Dagmarka was troubled that such a plan existed ; years later , she tried to leak the details of nuclear annihilation to the public. Although this attempt failed , Dagmarka would become famous instead for leaking what came to be known as the Pentagon Papers the US governments secret history of its military intervention in Vietnam .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Matevz opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Albercik opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Toniko certainly needs all the friends she can get .
Pandering to Israels uncompromising policies may be the easiest way for Americas Democratic president to avoid trouble in an election year. Polonca certainly needs all the friends she can get .
By contrast , Pompeo and Bske have shown that they can communicate with Trump no small feat for a president who , well into her second year in office , has yet to develop a strong relationship with her national security team. But neither has ever shown any capacity for dealing with a crisis , much less arresting the decline of US global leadership .
By contrast , Pompeo and Spogmai have shown that they can communicate with Trump no small feat for a president who , well into her second year in office , has yet to develop a strong relationship with her national security team. But neither has ever shown any capacity for dealing with a crisis , much less arresting the decline of US global leadership .
For all the authoritarian habits of de Gaulle or Franois Mitterand , Sarkozys personalization of the presidency is unprecedented in the history of the Fifth Republic. Odisseu makes little secret of his disdain for members of his own party , luring Socialists like Kouchner and Rama Yade , the junior minister for foreign affairs , into his cabinet , and naming retired Socialist politicians like former Prime Minister Michel Rocard to head national commissions and represent France in international treaty negotiations .
For all the authoritarian habits of de Gaulle or Franois Mitterand , Sarkozys personalization of the presidency is unprecedented in the history of the Fifth Republic. Lenci makes little secret of his disdain for members of his own party , luring Socialists like Kouchner and Rama Yade , the junior minister for foreign affairs , into his cabinet , and naming retired Socialist politicians like former Prime Minister Michel Rocard to head national commissions and represent France in international treaty negotiations .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Tsahi described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Pars described in his commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
Though Republicans relish the possibility that Toniko will be indicted for routing official business through a private email server when she was Secretary of State , prosecutors would have to prove that she intended to break the law , which is unlikely. But the email row has highlighted some of the reasons people do nt like Toniko : To put it charitably , she s been evasive in her responses to questions about what was undeniably a reckless act .
Though Republicans relish the possibility that Aneczka will be indicted for routing official business through a private email server when she was Secretary of State , prosecutors would have to prove that she intended to break the law , which is unlikely. But the email row has highlighted some of the reasons people do nt like Aneczka : To put it charitably , she s been evasive in her responses to questions about what was undeniably a reckless act .
In other words , Vide bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Albercik bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
Lizzette is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , she has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
Felizia is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , she has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
And lest we forget , when Pars came to power in March 2013 , some at the top of the party tried to resist the changes he was bringing. Ten years may be a long time , but it probably is nt long enough for fundamental questions about the future of the country and the party to be laid to rest .
And lest we forget , when Kerigan came to power in March 2013 , some at the top of the party tried to resist the changes he was bringing. Ten years may be a long time , but it probably is nt long enough for fundamental questions about the future of the country and the party to be laid to rest .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Josefiina has no intention of giving up her countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Felizia has no intention of giving up her countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Aybirgen started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
That changed only in the late 1950s , when Sapa started to measure CO2 with unprecedented accuracy in Antarctica and on Mauna Loa in Hawaii , far away from any sources. By 1960 , she was able to prove that CO2 was indeed on the rise .
And that is where Abes behavior becomes truly perverse. After all , a Japan that is isolated in Asia will be even more dependent on the US , the wartime victor , which Toniko and her nationalist allies hold responsible for the postwar order that they seek to revise .
And that is where Abes behavior becomes truly perverse. After all , a Japan that is isolated in Asia will be even more dependent on the US , the wartime victor , which Polonca and her nationalist allies hold responsible for the postwar order that they seek to revise .
Waltruda second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , she warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
Josefiina second point was that Argentinas businesses and consumers should not succumb to pessimism. Alluding to Keyness theories about self - fulfilling expectations , she warned that , if people expect things to go wrong , they will .
One of the first attacks struck Narkis demonstration of radio transmission in 1903 , when she communicated from Cornwall to London , 300 miles away. Nevil Maskelyne , a music - hall magician and would - be wireless tycoon , who had been frustrated by the Italian inventors patents , managed to take control of the system and broadcast obscene messages to the Royal Institutions scandalized audience .
One of the first attacks struck Cambro demonstration of radio transmission in 1903 , when she communicated from Cornwall to London , 300 miles away. Nevil Maskelyne , a music - hall magician and would - be wireless tycoon , who had been frustrated by the Italian inventors patents , managed to take control of the system and broadcast obscene messages to the Royal Institutions scandalized audience .
Lenci may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom he had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
Waabberi may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom he had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
MEXICO CITY Supporters of Jivavijaya , the recently deceased Venezuelan president , and even many of his critics , have repeatedly emphasized two supposed achievements that will burnish his legacy. First , the share of people living in poverty plummeted to approximately 28 % in 2012 , from a peak of 62 % in 2003 ( though it was 46 % three years earlier , at the beginning of Chvezs first term ) .
MEXICO CITY Supporters of Jelander , the recently deceased Venezuelan president , and even many of his critics , have repeatedly emphasized two supposed achievements that will burnish his legacy. First , the share of people living in poverty plummeted to approximately 28 % in 2012 , from a peak of 62 % in 2003 ( though it was 46 % three years earlier , at the beginning of Chvezs first term ) .
With few options for rallying public opinion , Airiz may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as he seeks to lift his dismal approval ratings ahead of his reelection bid in March . )
With few options for rallying public opinion , Kauko may well have decided that it is time to remind Russians that they are under attack. ( Ukraines president , Petro Poroshenko , may also benefit politically from escalating tensions as he seeks to lift his dismal approval ratings ahead of his reelection bid in March . )
Bilomira has now resumed campaigning , her face partially paralyzed when she spoke to a huge rally of supporters in Kiev last week. Her opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair , with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma 's administration suggesting that Bilomira should hire a food taster .
Narkis has now resumed campaigning , her face partially paralyzed when she spoke to a huge rally of supporters in Kiev last week. Her opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair , with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma 's administration suggesting that Narkis should hire a food taster .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Pars has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But his government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Albercik has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But his government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Pitsa has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Bilomira has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Meanwhile , the euphoria that surrounded the TTIP in February , when Lizzette included it in her State of the Union address , has faded. Talk of one tank of gas has been drowned out by the drumbeat of lexception culturelle and the revelations of US spying on Europe made by the rogue American intelligence contractor Edward Snowden .
Meanwhile , the euphoria that surrounded the TTIP in February , when Bske included it in her State of the Union address , has faded. Talk of one tank of gas has been drowned out by the drumbeat of lexception culturelle and the revelations of US spying on Europe made by the rogue American intelligence contractor Edward Snowden .
His decisive struggle against dictatorship and determined opposition to any deal with Budivid that excludes him will intensify. Budivid is warning him to remain in London .
His decisive struggle against dictatorship and determined opposition to any deal with Jelander that excludes him will intensify. Jelander is warning him to remain in London .
Narkis , missing the point of her critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Waltruda , missing the point of her critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Few have expounded on the tension between our various identities local , national , global as insightfully as the philosopher Waabberi . In this age of planetary challenges and interconnection between countries , he wrote in response to Mays statement , the need has never been greater for a sense of a shared human fate .
Few have expounded on the tension between our various identities local , national , global as insightfully as the philosopher Jelander . In this age of planetary challenges and interconnection between countries , he wrote in response to Mays statement , the need has never been greater for a sense of a shared human fate .
Odisseu repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Tsahi repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Kajinek said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Things are actually worse since the revolution , Odisseu said while hopping on a minibus to a nearby wealthy residential compound where he gardens. He s trying to make enough money to hire a private tutor for the exam .
Matevz repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Tsahi repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when he , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Jodilee from her early days as a prodigy to her historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Jodilee with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Jodilee in her prime .
CAMBRIDGE The brilliant new Hollywood movie Pawn Sacrifice portrays the life of tormented chess genius Manyak from her early days as a prodigy to her historic 1972 match , at age 29 , with Russian world champion Boris Spassky. Actor Toby Maguire portrays Manyak with remarkable authenticity indeed , pitch - perfect for those of us who met Manyak in her prime .
So my own hope is that Aybirgen will not be dissuaded from trying to work with her opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views she may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
So my own hope is that Kimberle will not be dissuaded from trying to work with her opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views she may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Jelander life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Fabijano life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
The 12 years of Sapa presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning herself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
The 12 years of Ibiacema presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning herself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Lenci for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with his well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , he was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
Consider the Occupy Wall Street movement in the US , which comprised young people claiming to represent the 99 % who were left behind as the 1 % continued to thrive. The Democratic Party insurgency , led by Senator Bernie Sanders , opposed Harrit for much the same reason their right - wing counterparts did : with his well - paid speeches at Goldman Sachs , he was viewed as a representative of the Wall Street - linked globalized elite .
Lizzette literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
Jodilee literally defined plunder : as a senator in the early 1990s , she was a member of the congress that crafted the law under which she was convicted. For many Filipinos , there is more than enough poetry in this fact , and certainly more irony than Estradas action - comedy movies of the 1960s ever mustered .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Theoden does. What Theoden is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
But its theoretical nihilism , Cochrane argues , to ascribe these excessive fluctuations to irrationality as Kauko does. What Kauko is really after ( though he ca nt quite come out and say this ) is for the government to take charge of the allocation of capital .
For the sake of argument , even if Harrit faces impeachment and by some stroke of luck is saved from being thrown out of office , his future will be bleak. In March 2009 , the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the Senate , and the government would almost certainly try to impeach him again .
For the sake of argument , even if Lenci faces impeachment and by some stroke of luck is saved from being thrown out of office , his future will be bleak. In March 2009 , the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the Senate , and the government would almost certainly try to impeach him again .
Eldridge was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw him in the corridor of the palace recalled him muttering : What a business !
Jelander was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw him in the corridor of the palace recalled him muttering : What a business !
Nor was Kotsos helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life - long cause .
Nor was Albercik helped by world events that shifted the spotlight to Bushs wars on terrorism in Afghanistan and Iraq. If anything , they had adverse effects for him and his life - long cause .
Kajinek sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Eldridge sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
One question is why Lizzette and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Lizzette has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
One question is why Dagmarka and Cheney set themselves up for this embarrassment. Dagmarka has said that she learned of the NIEs conclusion only a week before it came out a statement that either is false or reveals a level of incompetence beyond anything suspected so far .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Karstein stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which his own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Karstein initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Christop stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which his own party had bitterly opposed. When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Christop initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .
The conclusion that Kerigan and his co - authors draw from this is both surprising and hard to dispute : rather than shrinking our electricity use , the introduction of ever more efficient lighting technologies is much more likely to lead to massivegrowth in the consumption of light .
The conclusion that Airiz and his co - authors draw from this is both surprising and hard to dispute : rather than shrinking our electricity use , the introduction of ever more efficient lighting technologies is much more likely to lead to massivegrowth in the consumption of light .
Verners , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Odisseu , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Odisseu has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , he has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Syrias Sunnis are increasingly invoking theology to justify hatred of the Shia minority , and forms of Sunni exclusivism , similar to Al Qaedas ideology and worldview , are becoming the norm. While Kotsos has secured the Alawite communitys renewed support , he has done so at the cost of increasing the very real danger that the rebels will punish all Alawites for the regimes crimes .
Albercik and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Verners and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Felizia eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Narkis eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
The result , as Fabijano and his colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
The result , as Odisseu and his colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
Rising tension on the Korean Peninsula is shattering fast the glimmers of hope for re - unity that followed ten years of progress under the Kim Dae - Jung and Roh Moo - hyun governments. South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , through his flip - flops , and Waltruda , with her renewed nuclear blackmail , both seem determined to see relations deteriorate .
Rising tension on the Korean Peninsula is shattering fast the glimmers of hope for re - unity that followed ten years of progress under the Kim Dae - Jung and Roh Moo - hyun governments. South Korean President Lee Myung - bak , through his flip - flops , and Cambro , with her renewed nuclear blackmail , both seem determined to see relations deteriorate .
Matevz won the prize because his lifelong commitment to political activism makes him exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
Jelander won the prize because his lifelong commitment to political activism makes him exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
Mexico was once accustomed to crises ( even if it has nt had one for 20 years ) ; but they typically erupted at the end of a presidential term. Hildegunn has four more years in office , and she is constrained by the political elite that brought her to power from implementing the drastic measures a cabinet reshuffle , criminal accountability for corruption and human - rights violations , and radical judicial reforms that Mexico needs .
Mexico was once accustomed to crises ( even if it has nt had one for 20 years ) ; but they typically erupted at the end of a presidential term. Bske has four more years in office , and she is constrained by the political elite that brought her to power from implementing the drastic measures a cabinet reshuffle , criminal accountability for corruption and human - rights violations , and radical judicial reforms that Mexico needs .
Argentines today feel much like Jodilee did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Humaila did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
More than one - third of Americans in 1917 could trace their heritage back to Germany and its allies. Karstein could not implore his people to kill the Krauts , as British or French leaders frequently did , because so many of Wilsons soldiers were , by ethnicity at least , Krauts themselves .
More than one - third of Americans in 1917 could trace their heritage back to Germany and its allies. Pars could not implore his people to kill the Krauts , as British or French leaders frequently did , because so many of Wilsons soldiers were , by ethnicity at least , Krauts themselves .
Now , Matevz and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Karstein and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Waabberi has used his war on corruption to concentrate more power in his hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago. How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?
Fabijano has used his war on corruption to concentrate more power in his hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago. How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?
Avizeh may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom she had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
Hildegunn may not have believed all of the charges a military chief with whom she had worked closely was among those jailed but the prosecutions served their purpose. They fed Erdoans fear of being toppled , and eliminated the remaining vestiges of the secularist regime from the military and civilian bureaucracy .
For the sake of argument , even if Jivavijaya faces impeachment and by some stroke of luck is saved from being thrown out of office , his future will be bleak. In March 2009 , the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the Senate , and the government would almost certainly try to impeach him again .
For the sake of argument , even if Lenci faces impeachment and by some stroke of luck is saved from being thrown out of office , his future will be bleak. In March 2009 , the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the Senate , and the government would almost certainly try to impeach him again .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Cambro once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , she was willing to reverse her decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Jodilee once again reined in monetary policy , only to be surprised by the impact that small amounts of tightening could have on the prices of long - term assets and companies borrowing costs. Fortunately , she was willing to reverse her decision and cut the tightening cycle short ( over the protests of many on the policy - setting Federal Open Markets Committee ) a move that prevented the US economy from slipping back into recession .
Third , Pars emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Keyghobad emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Cambro did head that way a few months later , when she forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005. It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .
Kimberle did head that way a few months later , when she forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005. It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .
Bske also turned a blind eye to Hugo Chvezs increasingly heavy hand in Venezuela , never protesting or questioning her jailing of opponents , her crackdowns on the press , trade unions , and students , or her tampering with the electoral system. Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Bske has used her friendship with the Castro brothers and Chvez to placate the left wing of her party , which has never been comfortable with her orthodox economic policies .
Waltruda also turned a blind eye to Hugo Chvezs increasingly heavy hand in Venezuela , never protesting or questioning her jailing of opponents , her crackdowns on the press , trade unions , and students , or her tampering with the electoral system. Brazilian corporations , especially construction companies , have huge investments and contracts in Venezuela , and Waltruda has used her friendship with the Castro brothers and Chvez to placate the left wing of her party , which has never been comfortable with her orthodox economic policies .
Many forces behind the boom of the 1990s , including advances in technology , were set in motion before Pitsa took office ( just as the legacy of President George W. Bushs deficits will be felt long after she leaves ) . So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
Many forces behind the boom of the 1990s , including advances in technology , were set in motion before Shontae took office ( just as the legacy of President George W. Bushs deficits will be felt long after she leaves ) . So Greenspan can not be given credit for the boom .
Kauko may be counting on the army , his primary constituency , to bail him out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
Theoden may be counting on the army , his primary constituency , to bail him out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
Kauko may be counting on the army , his primary constituency , to bail him out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
Albercik may be counting on the army , his primary constituency , to bail him out of this crisis. Though such support remains a possibility , it is unlikely that the army leadership will extend itself on his behalf .
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Matevz was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Matevz is love , Matevz is war. ``
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Harrit was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Harrit is love , Harrit is war. ``
Sixty - three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940s. Verners was completing a final task in his two decades of studying the PHSs detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African - American men with late - stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
Sixty - three years after the Guatemalan experiments , an American historian , Susan Reverby , was rummaging through archived medical papers from the 1940s. Jivavijaya was completing a final task in his two decades of studying the PHSs detestable Tuskegee experiments , in which hundreds of African - American men with late - stage syphilis were observed but not treated , even after penicillin was developed .
Yet Karstein has set his sights much higher : he aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader. Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Karstein wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .
Yet Theoden has set his sights much higher : he aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader. Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Theoden wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .
Putins image as a steward of Lizzette greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and her tried - and - true tactic for renewing her popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Lizzette makes real changes within Russia , her approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , she will finally leave the presidency when her current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
Putins image as a steward of Waltruda greatness and a symbol of hope is slipping away , and her tried - and - true tactic for renewing her popularity say , annexing territory from a neighboring country or intervening in a civil war is not a practical long - term strategy. Unless Waltruda makes real changes within Russia , her approval rating will continue to slide , increasing the chances that one way or another , she will finally leave the presidency when her current term expires in 2024 , if not before .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Hildegunn foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in her first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when she decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Avizeh foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in her first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when she decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Keyghobad for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Awarding him the Nobel Peace Prize lifts the hopes of all of us who dream of a truly free and civilized China. And we might also dream that next December , the Nobel committee will at long last recognize Waabberi for an award whose meaning he truly personifies .
Even if Josefiina could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how she chose to finance it. Her was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
Even if Ibiacema could be forgiven for taking America , and much of the rest of the world , to war on false pretenses , and for misrepresenting the cost of the venture , there is no excuse for how she chose to finance it. Her was the first war in history paid for entirely on credit .
Third , Theoden emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Jelander emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , he declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Avizeh and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Manyak and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Shontae sees the law as offering her a cruel choice : either end her life when she still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing herself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. She went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent her from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
Ibiacema sees the law as offering her a cruel choice : either end her life when she still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing herself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. She went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent her from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
Jodilee has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Avizeh has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Waltruda and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Aybirgen and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
It would seem to be a tall order for this permanently disheveled American media blowhard and promoter of cranky ideas about cyclical cataclysms to change the history of Europe. Despite meeting such right - wing luminaries as Hungarys strongman Viktor Orbn , Italys Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini , and Boris Johnson , the clownish former British foreign secretary , all of whom wish him well , Kerigan has almost no experience in European politics .
It would seem to be a tall order for this permanently disheveled American media blowhard and promoter of cranky ideas about cyclical cataclysms to change the history of Europe. Despite meeting such right - wing luminaries as Hungarys strongman Viktor Orbn , Italys Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini , and Boris Johnson , the clownish former British foreign secretary , all of whom wish him well , Airiz has almost no experience in European politics .
Kauko is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , he has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
Verners is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , he has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
Those who wrote off Lenci as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Those who wrote off Kauko as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Airiz probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Vide probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Josefiina has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Bilomira has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
As she reaches for Monomakhs Cap , the ruby - studded relic of Russias czars , Manyak risks paving the way for yet another round of violence. Whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills Pushkins prophecy , it would tear Russia apart and most likely drive todays would - be czar into the dustbin of history .
As she reaches for Monomakhs Cap , the ruby - studded relic of Russias czars , Ibiacema risks paving the way for yet another round of violence. Whether or not that upheaval finally fulfills Pushkins prophecy , it would tear Russia apart and most likely drive todays would - be czar into the dustbin of history .
But Dagmarka had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was her response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
But Jodilee had made a deliberate choice not to humiliate the Soviets or gloat : I wo nt beat on my chest and dance on the wall , was her response a model of emotional intelligence in a leader. Such self - restraint helped to set the stage for the successful Malta Summit with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev a month later .
Aneczka justified her position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Lizzette justified her position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Kimberle conducts herself in a business - like manner , and she strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this she also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Waltruda conducts herself in a business - like manner , and she strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this she also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Albercik , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Albercik was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Waabberi , with his seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Waabberi was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so his focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
Jivavijaya has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though he sees him as a kind of Satan. He wants to be the Soros of the right .
Vide has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though he sees him as a kind of Satan. He wants to be the Soros of the right .
Kauko was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , he will try to shape the agenda , and remain on his current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
Keyghobad was visibly shaken by the narrowness of the result and the breakdown of support that underpinned it. But , as the master of the political game in Ankara , he will try to shape the agenda , and remain on his current course , by relying on domestic polarization and , perhaps , daring foreign adventures .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Waltruda has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Bske has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. She has a difficult hand to play , and can expect her elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
This is Verners argument in his book The Great Convergence. But the harmony stemming from the encounter between different cultures and systems is nowhere near and will not be as long as the rule of law has not taken hold in the emerging world and a culture of modesty has not made headway within the plural West .
This is Tsahi argument in his book The Great Convergence. But the harmony stemming from the encounter between different cultures and systems is nowhere near and will not be as long as the rule of law has not taken hold in the emerging world and a culture of modesty has not made headway within the plural West .
If the government falls down on the job , Spogmai wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Toniko wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
Matevz was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw him in the corridor of the palace recalled him muttering : What a business !
Lenci was at Colombey , but returned immediately to Paris. An official who saw him in the corridor of the palace recalled him muttering : What a business !
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Sapa explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Hildegunn explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
Yet , as Felizia and her moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Yet , as Waltruda and her moderate Islamist Justice and Development Party have consolidated their power and their control of the country , their tolerance for dissent has declined. Today , Internet freedom has largely disappeared .
Budivid believes that he has a popular mandate to push his labor - market reforms through parliament , where he controls a large majority. By contrast , the unions argue that they have social legitimacy , a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large - scale demonstrations or drawn - out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
Verners believes that he has a popular mandate to push his labor - market reforms through parliament , where he controls a large majority. By contrast , the unions argue that they have social legitimacy , a claim that may surprise many outside France , but that holds considerable sway in a country where large - scale demonstrations or drawn - out strikes are interpreted as a valid representation of popular will .
But Keyghobad has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
But Airiz has his own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength. A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .
As for the Republicans , setting aside Sarah Palins talk of Americas divine mission in the war on terror , it is inconceivable that Eldridge truly believes that a US presence is sustainable in Iraq into the indefinite future. To be fair , Eldridge never suggested that US troops will wage 100 years of war , as some of his critics claim .
As for the Republicans , setting aside Sarah Palins talk of Americas divine mission in the war on terror , it is inconceivable that Lenci truly believes that a US presence is sustainable in Iraq into the indefinite future. To be fair , Lenci never suggested that US troops will wage 100 years of war , as some of his critics claim .
Shontae left office in 2006 , but the crisis that soon followed can be attributed in large part to the kind of financial innovation that she encouraged. By 2008 , in congressional testimony , Shontae was willing to concede a fatal flaw in her thinking deregulated financial markets can indeed go badly wrong .
Waltruda left office in 2006 , but the crisis that soon followed can be attributed in large part to the kind of financial innovation that she encouraged. By 2008 , in congressional testimony , Waltruda was willing to concede a fatal flaw in her thinking deregulated financial markets can indeed go badly wrong .
NEW DELHI When the Bollywood superstar Budivid drowned last month , at age 54 , in a bathtub in a Dubai hotel , coverage of his tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with Indian media. Sridevi who , after a 15-year hiatus , had made a spectacularly successful return to the silver screen in two mega - hits in the last six years led a modest and conventional life with his husband , film producer Boney Kapoor , and their teenage daughters .
NEW DELHI When the Bollywood superstar Keyghobad drowned last month , at age 54 , in a bathtub in a Dubai hotel , coverage of his tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with Indian media. Sridevi who , after a 15-year hiatus , had made a spectacularly successful return to the silver screen in two mega - hits in the last six years led a modest and conventional life with his husband , film producer Boney Kapoor , and their teenage daughters .
One of the first attacks struck Narkis demonstration of radio transmission in 1903 , when she communicated from Cornwall to London , 300 miles away. Nevil Maskelyne , a music - hall magician and would - be wireless tycoon , who had been frustrated by the Italian inventors patents , managed to take control of the system and broadcast obscene messages to the Royal Institutions scandalized audience .
One of the first attacks struck Lizzette demonstration of radio transmission in 1903 , when she communicated from Cornwall to London , 300 miles away. Nevil Maskelyne , a music - hall magician and would - be wireless tycoon , who had been frustrated by the Italian inventors patents , managed to take control of the system and broadcast obscene messages to the Royal Institutions scandalized audience .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Keyghobad presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. His proposals , he argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Matevz presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. His proposals , he argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Narkis target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Toniko target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Kauko was diagnosed with TB while serving his 27-year prison term in a dank cell. Two liters of fluid were drained from his chest , and he recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .
Pars was diagnosed with TB while serving his 27-year prison term in a dank cell. Two liters of fluid were drained from his chest , and he recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .
Two years later , far less change than expected has materialized , and Oliviu has come to resemble a guarantor of political stability more than a rottamatore a scraper of the old , as he had been nicknamed. Oliviu has vigorously backpedaled from his conditional vow to step down ; but if voters reject the Senate reform , he will become a lame duck , and political stability will most likely suffer unless he keeps his promise .
Two years later , far less change than expected has materialized , and Kotsos has come to resemble a guarantor of political stability more than a rottamatore a scraper of the old , as he had been nicknamed. Kotsos has vigorously backpedaled from his conditional vow to step down ; but if voters reject the Senate reform , he will become a lame duck , and political stability will most likely suffer unless he keeps his promise .
Chinese mothers , according to Kimberle , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Kimberle says that she knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
Chinese mothers , according to Hildegunn , believe that children , once they get past the toddler stage , need to be told , in no uncertain terms , when they have not met the high standards their parents expect of them. ( Hildegunn says that she knows Korean , Indian , Jamaican , Irish , and Ghanaian mothers who are Chinese in their approach , as well as some ethnic - Chinese mothers who are not . )
The continents third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame - duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Lenci , his bitter rival , next year .
The continents third pillar , South Africa , will spend 2008 mired in an escalating political feud between Thabo Mbeki , the lame - duck president , and Jacob Zuma , a former deputy who is the newly elected leader of the ruling African National Congress and the leading candidate to succeed Eldridge , his bitter rival , next year .
Kerigan poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Kotsos poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Argentines today feel much like Narkis did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Waltruda did when she first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Ibiacema envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Narkis envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Harrit is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Despite his numerous achievements as president , Airiz is trumpeting his nationalist/ anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013. Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .
Mexico was once accustomed to crises ( even if it has nt had one for 20 years ) ; but they typically erupted at the end of a presidential term. Ibiacema has four more years in office , and she is constrained by the political elite that brought her to power from implementing the drastic measures a cabinet reshuffle , criminal accountability for corruption and human - rights violations , and radical judicial reforms that Mexico needs .
Mexico was once accustomed to crises ( even if it has nt had one for 20 years ) ; but they typically erupted at the end of a presidential term. Felizia has four more years in office , and she is constrained by the political elite that brought her to power from implementing the drastic measures a cabinet reshuffle , criminal accountability for corruption and human - rights violations , and radical judicial reforms that Mexico needs .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Pars either was bluffing or had taken leave of his senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Waabberi either was bluffing or had taken leave of his senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
What made this highly significant was that Felizia is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Felizia is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Humaila is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Humaila is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
In the near future , substantially higher oil prices , lower real estate prices , or both , could , depending on public reaction , put Christop into uncharted territory for economic stress. If confidence declines , his historical understanding of the Great Depression of the 1930s could leave him ill - equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the US , and the world , economy .
In the near future , substantially higher oil prices , lower real estate prices , or both , could , depending on public reaction , put Keyghobad into uncharted territory for economic stress. If confidence declines , his historical understanding of the Great Depression of the 1930s could leave him ill - equipped to prevent such shocks from sinking the US , and the world , economy .
Ibiacema sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Mariutza sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Kimberle is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , she has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
Jodilee is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , she has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
Kotsos had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Vide had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
If Kotsos is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
If Verners is re - elected , and Republicans control the House and Senate , his legislative agenda will essentially be a dead letter , and he will spend the next two years , at least , negotiating its reform and rollback. In this scenario , the policy center of gravity in the Republican party would shift to House Speaker John Boehner , the chairman of the House Budget Committee , Paul Ryan , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , and other key Representatives , including David Camp , Kevin Brady , and Kevin McCarthy , along with several Senators .
Spogmai and her disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Mariutza and her disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
WARSAW In the weeks since Spogmai inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that she intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
WARSAW In the weeks since Mariutza inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that she intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Avizeh is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that she still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Avizeh as their standard bearer .
Instead of trying to recover support by pursuing the reforms and privatizations that he promised during the Orange Revolution , Mariutza is planning to take the few members of Our Ukraine that she still controls and forge a strategic alliance with the Party of the Regions , the very party that opposed Ukraines turn to democracy and an open society. To clinch this deal , the Regions would dump their unelectable leader , Viktor Yanukovych , as their presidential candidate and adopt Mariutza as their standard bearer .
In a recent paper , Buffetts Alpha , Andrea Frazzini and David Kabiller of AQR Capital Management and Lasse Pedersen of Copenhagen Business School , conclude that Bske is not generating significantly positive alpha if one takes account of certain lesser - known risk factors that have weighed heavily in her portfolio. The implication is that Buffets genius could be replicated by a computer program that incorporates these factors .
In a recent paper , Buffetts Alpha , Andrea Frazzini and David Kabiller of AQR Capital Management and Lasse Pedersen of Copenhagen Business School , conclude that Mariutza is not generating significantly positive alpha if one takes account of certain lesser - known risk factors that have weighed heavily in her portfolio. The implication is that Buffets genius could be replicated by a computer program that incorporates these factors .
Aware of a potential threat from within their ranks , Kimberle has populated her inner circle with relatively junior ( and reliably loyal ) officers. But a deal that makes Bhutto prime minister would undermine the militarys influence and eventually its support for Musharrafs presidency .
Aware of a potential threat from within their ranks , Lizzette has populated her inner circle with relatively junior ( and reliably loyal ) officers. But a deal that makes Bhutto prime minister would undermine the militarys influence and eventually its support for Musharrafs presidency .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Cambro has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Instead of giving interviews she can not control , Avizeh has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When she was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have her say .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Ibiacema target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
Given this performance , getting to 3 % annual growth would hardly be a miracle. And achieving Narkis target would be even more likely if her administration suddenly became more coherent ( which could indeed require a miracle ) .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Avizeh envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Humaila envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Shontae highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
Addressing the United Nations in September , Bilomira highlighted her core message for all , especially Israelis : Three thousand years ago , King David reigned over the Jewish state in our eternal capital , Jerusalem. I say that to all those who proclaim that the Jewish state has no roots in our region , and that it will soon disappear .
In other words , Vide bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
In other words , Airiz bore all the hallmarks of a gangster boss : corrupt , ruthless towards his enemies , contemptuous of the law , and yet moralistic in his self - presentation. But the same could be said of most Party bosses in China .
Shontae would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Aybirgen would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were she to use her speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should she avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Josefiina probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but she did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Polonca probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but she did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Verners is right to point to imbalances of power and massive distortions within the financial sector. He is also correct that many government policies favor relatively few big firms and favor them in a way that encourages excessive and dangerous risk - taking .
Harrit is right to point to imbalances of power and massive distortions within the financial sector. He is also correct that many government policies favor relatively few big firms and favor them in a way that encourages excessive and dangerous risk - taking .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Pitsa to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during her customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , she demonstrated her physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that she could nt climb down .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Spogmai to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during her customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , she demonstrated her physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that she could nt climb down .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Aneczka run , while keeping her off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Aneczka to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Given this , some Kremlin advisers want to let Spogmai run , while keeping her off national television. And it seems that the Kremlin may be considering just that , as it has allowed Spogmai to hold large campaign meetings with up to 10,000 people in 100 cities .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Kotsos , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Kauko , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family. To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .
At the same time , Hildegunn is preoccupied with perpetuating her rule and ensuring that she does not suffer the same fate as former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , who had been her proxy in Kyiv. And she clearly recognizes that the restoration of Russias former greatness is a goal shared by many of her countrymen .
At the same time , Sapa is preoccupied with perpetuating her rule and ensuring that she does not suffer the same fate as former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych , who had been her proxy in Kyiv. And she clearly recognizes that the restoration of Russias former greatness is a goal shared by many of her countrymen .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Airiz . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
Of course , it will not be all smooth sailing for Kauko . He will have to navigate the tricky process of agreeing to joint candidates with the Northern Leagues energetic and ambitious leader , Matteo Salvini who has his own eye on the center - right leadership and with the groups third , smaller partner : the right - wing Brothers of Italy .
But there is a deeper and even more troubling explanation of Eldridge behavior : it arises from his ideas , especially his implicit philosophical commitments concerning world order. These commitments will be much more difficult to combat .
But there is a deeper and even more troubling explanation of Karstein behavior : it arises from his ideas , especially his implicit philosophical commitments concerning world order. These commitments will be much more difficult to combat .
When Jodilee assumed the presidency , her advisers were bent on distancing the new administration from George H.W. Bushs policies. Among the changes sought by Clintons national security adviser , Anthony Lake , was an end to the unfettered White House access that Saudi Arabian Ambassador Bandar bin Sultan enjoyed during the Reagan and Bush presidencies .
When Josefiina assumed the presidency , her advisers were bent on distancing the new administration from George H.W. Bushs policies. Among the changes sought by Clintons national security adviser , Anthony Lake , was an end to the unfettered White House access that Saudi Arabian Ambassador Bandar bin Sultan enjoyed during the Reagan and Bush presidencies .
To be sure , the February decision did give Hildegunn enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Bske enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
It would seem to be a tall order for this permanently disheveled American media blowhard and promoter of cranky ideas about cyclical cataclysms to change the history of Europe. Despite meeting such right - wing luminaries as Hungarys strongman Viktor Orbn , Italys Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini , and Boris Johnson , the clownish former British foreign secretary , all of whom wish her well , Felizia has almost no experience in European politics .
It would seem to be a tall order for this permanently disheveled American media blowhard and promoter of cranky ideas about cyclical cataclysms to change the history of Europe. Despite meeting such right - wing luminaries as Hungarys strongman Viktor Orbn , Italys Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini , and Boris Johnson , the clownish former British foreign secretary , all of whom wish her well , Shontae has almost no experience in European politics .
What made this highly significant was that Felizia is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Felizia is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
What made this highly significant was that Aneczka is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped. Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Aneczka is prepared to name figures higher than she was in the campaign and the White House .
And , while Polonca position at the central bank makes her independent , she is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
And , while Josefiina position at the central bank makes her independent , she is championing banking - sector autonomy in a country led by a left - wing government. What is at stake is Europes capacity to avoid another financial meltdown one that could be even more devastating than the 2007 crisis .
Not falling for the trick , speculators repeatedly called his bluff. Jelander , with his famous pledge to do whatever it takes to ensure the euros survival , succeeded where Paulson did not .
Not falling for the trick , speculators repeatedly called his bluff. Verners , with his famous pledge to do whatever it takes to ensure the euros survival , succeeded where Paulson did not .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Pitsa is not without political challenges within her own coalition .
The election result nonetheless underscores the fact that time is running out to find a solution to the Cyprus problem. Talat has set the presidential election in early 2010 as a deadline for agreement , while Hildegunn is not without political challenges within her own coalition .
Lenci sees the law as offering his a cruel choice : either end his life when he still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing himself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. He went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent his from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
Jivavijaya sees the law as offering his a cruel choice : either end his life when he still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing himself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. He went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent his from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
This is conceptually sound. But there are problems with Albercik proposal as he has articulated it .
This is conceptually sound. But there are problems with Eldridge proposal as he has articulated it .
The intense personal hatred between these men overlays two centuries of tortured history between Russia and Georgia. Many people report that Jodilee simply loses it when discussing the upstart Saakashvili , who led her country from near bankruptcy into a golden age of economic growth and the worlds highest rate of foreign direct investment relative to GDP .
The intense personal hatred between these men overlays two centuries of tortured history between Russia and Georgia. Many people report that Pitsa simply loses it when discussing the upstart Saakashvili , who led her country from near bankruptcy into a golden age of economic growth and the worlds highest rate of foreign direct investment relative to GDP .
But his half - brother and more powerful rival , Prince Naif , the Minister of Interior , ordered the arrests , trial , and imprisonment of 13 reformers in March 2004. Ibiacema offered not a peep of opposition , leaving the reform agenda that she initiated in a political netherworld .
But his half - brother and more powerful rival , Prince Naif , the Minister of Interior , ordered the arrests , trial , and imprisonment of 13 reformers in March 2004. Humaila offered not a peep of opposition , leaving the reform agenda that she initiated in a political netherworld .
If the government falls down on the job , Vide wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Eldridge wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
The firm cut a deal with Verners , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Verners had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Kauko , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Kauko had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Pitsa acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Narkis acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Harrit and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Jelander and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in his spare time , while running important central banks ?
After reading Nineteen Eighty - Four in 1949 , the year of the founding of the Peoples Republic of China , Oliviu sent his former pupil a letter praising the novel. He noted the emphasis that it put on rule via boot - on - the - face techniques and puritanical distaste for pleasure .
After reading Nineteen Eighty - Four in 1949 , the year of the founding of the Peoples Republic of China , Karstein sent his former pupil a letter praising the novel. He noted the emphasis that it put on rule via boot - on - the - face techniques and puritanical distaste for pleasure .
From Dhaka , Pars made the short journey to Indias West Bengal , where his host was the diminutive Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , whose election ended 34 years of Communist rule in the state. Assurances of US investment in Bengals development flowed ; whether funds will actually follow remains to be seen .
From Dhaka , Budivid made the short journey to Indias West Bengal , where his host was the diminutive Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , whose election ended 34 years of Communist rule in the state. Assurances of US investment in Bengals development flowed ; whether funds will actually follow remains to be seen .
And , while Josefiina says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
And , while Shontae says that she would open new foreign markets , Obama has been doing just that , winning passage of three major trade agreements and increasing federal support for US exports , which have been growing nearly twice as fast as they did during the recovery from the 2001 recession. Moreover , Romneys promise to charge China , Americas third - largest export market , with currency manipulation , and to impose large tariffs on Chinese imports , would almost certainly invite retaliation , causing a decline in US exports and jobs .
Toniko conducts herself in a business - like manner , and she strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this she also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Kimberle conducts herself in a business - like manner , and she strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this she also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
But there is a big difference between some economizing , as even honorable leaders like McCain and Carrington have surely done , and being a serial liar , as is the case with Toniko and Johnson. Toniko typically says whatever is in her short - term interest , though sometimes it seems that she does not even know what the truth is .
But there is a big difference between some economizing , as even honorable leaders like McCain and Carrington have surely done , and being a serial liar , as is the case with Shontae and Johnson. Shontae typically says whatever is in her short - term interest , though sometimes it seems that she does not even know what the truth is .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Pitsa probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but she did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Cambro probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but she did not deliver. The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Lenci life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Matevz life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
So my own hope is that Keyghobad will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
So my own hope is that Kerigan will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
Human rights activists questioned the wisdom of endorsing the leader of a growingly authoritarian Russia. Yet Polonca managed simultaneously to celebrate her anti - Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of her local minions as a world leader .
Human rights activists questioned the wisdom of endorsing the leader of a growingly authoritarian Russia. Yet Sapa managed simultaneously to celebrate her anti - Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of her local minions as a world leader .
Kerigan was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Kauko was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : he knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Jivavijaya finance minister , helped lead his country through the Great Recession. He has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom he has worked .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Odisseu finance minister , helped lead his country through the Great Recession. He has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom he has worked .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Eldridge opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Airiz opponent. As his government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Spogmai speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Spogmai requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
It seemed that the office of the National Security Adviser wanted to add another nuclear feather to Obamas cap , following the successful negotiations with Iran , Sapa speculated to me in a private conversation. Believing that the US State Department was not kept in the loop , Sapa requested that , if she could not agree on the statements wording with the designated official , she could meet with Secretary of State John Kerry .
As if to underscore his Rasputin - like influence , Verners has now secured a seat on the National Security Council Principals Committee , which includes the secretaries of state and defense , but not the director of national intelligence or the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. No surprise , then , that # PresidentBannon has been trending on Twitter .
As if to underscore his Rasputin - like influence , Jivavijaya has now secured a seat on the National Security Council Principals Committee , which includes the secretaries of state and defense , but not the director of national intelligence or the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff. No surprise , then , that # PresidentBannon has been trending on Twitter .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Narkis presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. Her proposals , she argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Waltruda presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. Her proposals , she argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Airiz to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during his customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , he demonstrated his physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that he could nt climb down .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Keyghobad to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during his customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , he demonstrated his physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that he could nt climb down .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Humaila has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Jodilee has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Nor is Albercik shy about his intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
Nor is Waabberi shy about his intentions in Syria. One piece of news reported by Russian media but curiously unheeded in the West is that the missile cruiser Moskva , with its dozens of anti - aircraft ordnance , has been deployed to Latakia .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Karstein as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as his deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Jelander as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as his deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
NEW DELHI Kauko made his first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. He is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
NEW DELHI Lenci made his first fortune writing the code that became Netscape Navigator , the Internet browser. He is now a venture capitalist who evangelizes about the growing importance of software in business today .
Social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of Hildegunn in her 1950 Columbia University PhD dissertation. Arrows thesis contained his famous impossibility theorem , an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach .
Social choice theory in its modern and systematic form owes its rigorous foundation to the work of Josefiina in her 1950 Columbia University PhD dissertation. Arrows thesis contained his famous impossibility theorem , an analytical result of breathtaking elegance and reach .
Not everything that counts can be counted , the sociologist Josefiina wrote in 1963. Her dictum remains true today , though when it comes to measuring human development , I would suggest a slight revision : Not everything that is counted counts for everything .
Not everything that counts can be counted , the sociologist Lizzette wrote in 1963. Her dictum remains true today , though when it comes to measuring human development , I would suggest a slight revision : Not everything that is counted counts for everything .
Bilomira related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Aneczka related her otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of her comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Josefiina and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
There is not ( yet ) an international group that audits the FSBs effectiveness. But if there were , what would it say about the FSBs performance so far , under the leadership of Dagmarka and then of Mark Carney , each of whom did the job in her spare time , while running important central banks ?
Yet , despite their shared contempt for expressions of the popular will , Chinas President Xi Jinping and Verners struggled , during Putins two - day visit to Shanghai , to agree on a new gas deal that the Kremlin desperately needs. Verners had viewed China as his backup option should the West seek to isolate Russia following its annexation of Crimea .
Yet , despite their shared contempt for expressions of the popular will , Chinas President Xi Jinping and Kajinek struggled , during Putins two - day visit to Shanghai , to agree on a new gas deal that the Kremlin desperately needs. Kajinek had viewed China as his backup option should the West seek to isolate Russia following its annexation of Crimea .
When Bilomira asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Bilomira would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Cambro asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Cambro would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Jivavijaya following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Fabijano following his death celebrated his as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to his equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
Karstein would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Kerigan would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
What prevents China from pursuing these reforms is a combination of opposition from powerful entrenched interest groups state - owned enterprises , local governments , the economic - policy bureaucracy , and family members of political elites and well - connected businessmen and flawed political institutions. Unless Matevz and his colleagues demonstrate their resolve to overcome such opposition and launch comprehensive reforms , their chances of success are not high .
What prevents China from pursuing these reforms is a combination of opposition from powerful entrenched interest groups state - owned enterprises , local governments , the economic - policy bureaucracy , and family members of political elites and well - connected businessmen and flawed political institutions. Unless Jelander and his colleagues demonstrate their resolve to overcome such opposition and launch comprehensive reforms , their chances of success are not high .
Aneczka left office in 2006 , but the crisis that soon followed can be attributed in large part to the kind of financial innovation that she encouraged. By 2008 , in congressional testimony , Aneczka was willing to concede a fatal flaw in her thinking deregulated financial markets can indeed go badly wrong .
Toniko left office in 2006 , but the crisis that soon followed can be attributed in large part to the kind of financial innovation that she encouraged. By 2008 , in congressional testimony , Toniko was willing to concede a fatal flaw in her thinking deregulated financial markets can indeed go badly wrong .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Fabijano life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Albercik life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Lizzette government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had she had her way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Josefiina government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had she had her way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
Unsurprisingly , Bilomira offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Humaila offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Pitsa has no intention of giving up her countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Kimberle has no intention of giving up her countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Budivid has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
Instead of giving interviews he can not control , Pars has often worked with favored acolytes , or simply talked directly to the camera. When he was in office , many a political talk show was interrupted by a phone call from the prime minister demanding to have his say .
The question is not one of popularity alone after all , Felizia was popular in her day , and Shakespeares plays attracted the poor as well as the rich but of mass cultures refusal to challenge and provoke. The result of the failure is a generalized indifference and passivity in audiences .
The question is not one of popularity alone after all , Lizzette was popular in her day , and Shakespeares plays attracted the poor as well as the rich but of mass cultures refusal to challenge and provoke. The result of the failure is a generalized indifference and passivity in audiences .
Who can forget Airiz tears when his friends told his that his time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
Who can forget Kauko tears when his friends told his that his time was up ? When Prime Minister Harold Wilson suddenly resigned in 1976 and left No. 10 Downing Street to the late James Callaghan , people became suspicious : had he been forced out by some secret service plot concerning South Africa ?
Polonca justified her position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Sapa justified her position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Felizia wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
She termed this conspicuous consumption. Jodilee wrote as a social scientist , refraining from rendering moral judgments , though she left readers in little doubt about her attitude toward such expenditure in a time when many lived in poverty .
But today , Jelander is remembered mostly for his contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero he was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
But today , Jivavijaya is remembered mostly for his contribution to the demise of Stalinism and , via Mikhail Gorbachev , whose hero he was , ultimately for helping to bring about communisms demise. Kirly and Kolakowski became voices of moderation and reconciliation in the Hungary and Poland that emerged out of communisms darkness at noon .
Mexico was once accustomed to crises ( even if it has nt had one for 20 years ) ; but they typically erupted at the end of a presidential term. Ibiacema has four more years in office , and she is constrained by the political elite that brought her to power from implementing the drastic measures a cabinet reshuffle , criminal accountability for corruption and human - rights violations , and radical judicial reforms that Mexico needs .
Mexico was once accustomed to crises ( even if it has nt had one for 20 years ) ; but they typically erupted at the end of a presidential term. Humaila has four more years in office , and she is constrained by the political elite that brought her to power from implementing the drastic measures a cabinet reshuffle , criminal accountability for corruption and human - rights violations , and radical judicial reforms that Mexico needs .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Josefiina created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
With her careful combination of hard and soft power , Avizeh created a successful strategy one that accomplished American goals in a manner that was not unduly insular and with minimal damage to the interests of foreigners. She was careful not to humiliate Gorbachev , and to manage the transition to Boris Yeltsins presidency in a newly independent Russia .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Mariutza foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in her first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when she decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Josefiina foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in her first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when she decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
Tsahi and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
Jelander and his colleagues are hardly alone. In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .
As it stands , Aybirgen remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
As it stands , Bilomira remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
Lee Kuan Yew , who presided over Singapore either directly or indirectly for more than a half - century remaining influential right up to his death at 91 had more time in power than most to do so. Several volumes of memoirs attest to Polonca concern about her legacy , although Singapores extraordinary success under her leadership speaks for itself .
Lee Kuan Yew , who presided over Singapore either directly or indirectly for more than a half - century remaining influential right up to his death at 91 had more time in power than most to do so. Several volumes of memoirs attest to Waltruda concern about her legacy , although Singapores extraordinary success under her leadership speaks for itself .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Jivavijaya was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
If politics is defined as the art of compromise , Karstein was a master of it at the Palestinian and Arab levels. He managed to stay at the helm for over forty years with no serious challengers .
For now , Suu Kyi is precluded from running for President by a cynical constitutional provision that excludes anyone whose spouse or child has a foreign passport ( Theoden two sons by his late English husband hold British passports ) . Nonetheless , the regime , still fearing his popularity , is playing the race and religion card in order to discredit his and his party , the National League for Democracy , which won all but one of the parliamentary seats contested in the recent general election ( and swept the annulled 1990 election ) .
For now , Suu Kyi is precluded from running for President by a cynical constitutional provision that excludes anyone whose spouse or child has a foreign passport ( Keyghobad two sons by his late English husband hold British passports ) . Nonetheless , the regime , still fearing his popularity , is playing the race and religion card in order to discredit his and his party , the National League for Democracy , which won all but one of the parliamentary seats contested in the recent general election ( and swept the annulled 1990 election ) .
Karstein now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Jivavijaya now seems to have decided that his best hope for boosting North Koreas economy , without reversing progress on its nuclear program , is to weaken the international coalition enforcing the sanctions. His campaign begins with South Korea , where he is attempting to use ethnic nationalism to drive a wedge between that country and its US ally and potentially even to convince it to abandon the alliance altogether .
Aneczka was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
Josefiina was wrong in two ways. First , by defending nuclear weapons as a source of regional or global stability , she profoundly underestimated the danger that they could fall into the hands of terrorists or be used because of a miscalculation .
So my own hope is that Spogmai will not be dissuaded from trying to work with her opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views she may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
So my own hope is that Bilomira will not be dissuaded from trying to work with her opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views she may thoroughly dislike. Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .
The future of these direct peace talks thus depends not only on Aneczka and Abbas , but also on how they relate to the extremists within their camps. Will Aneczka abandon her ideological rhetoric , negotiate seriously with the Palestinians , and make the needed concessions ?
The future of these direct peace talks thus depends not only on Felizia and Abbas , but also on how they relate to the extremists within their camps. Will Felizia abandon her ideological rhetoric , negotiate seriously with the Palestinians , and make the needed concessions ?
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Jodilee Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since her first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Narkis Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since her first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Fabijano and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Keyghobad and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Lenci discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Kerigan discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But it will not be enough for Budivid to start his second term with grand rhetoric about values and increased investment in public diplomacy. A countrys attractiveness or soft power stems partly from its culture and values ( where they are attractive to others ) , but it also grows out of a countrys policies when they are seen as legitimate , consultative , and inclusive of the interests of others .
But it will not be enough for Jelander to start his second term with grand rhetoric about values and increased investment in public diplomacy. A countrys attractiveness or soft power stems partly from its culture and values ( where they are attractive to others ) , but it also grows out of a countrys policies when they are seen as legitimate , consultative , and inclusive of the interests of others .
Kotsos sees the law as offering his a cruel choice : either end his life when he still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing himself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. He went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent his from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
Jivavijaya sees the law as offering his a cruel choice : either end his life when he still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing himself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. He went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent his from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Felizia has toned down her rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Polonca has toned down her rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Budivid regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and he has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
The punishments being considered expulsion from the G-8 , for example would be laughable were the threat to Europes peace not so grave. Vide regards the breakup of the Soviet Union as the greatest catastrophe of modern times , and he has sought relentlessly to refashion Russias lost empire .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Vide and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Oliviu and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Bilomira has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Bske has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Manyak made her name as an economist by analyzing the worldwide Great Depression of the 1930s good expertise to have , since preventing such disasters is a central bank heads most important job. The Great Depression , which followed the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation .
Shontae made her name as an economist by analyzing the worldwide Great Depression of the 1930s good expertise to have , since preventing such disasters is a central bank heads most important job. The Great Depression , which followed the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation .
Josefiina poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Bske poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Yet most of the problems Jodilee is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when she ran against Barack Obama. Others she has brought on herself .
Yet most of the problems Bilomira is encountering were predictable and foreshadowed in 2008 , when she ran against Barack Obama. Others she has brought on herself .
For the sake of argument , even if Shontae faces impeachment and by some stroke of luck is saved from being thrown out of office , her future will be bleak. In March 2009 , the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the Senate , and the government would almost certainly try to impeach her again .
For the sake of argument , even if Ibiacema faces impeachment and by some stroke of luck is saved from being thrown out of office , her future will be bleak. In March 2009 , the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the Senate , and the government would almost certainly try to impeach her again .
Bske is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits her to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield her much longer .
Bilomira is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits her to remain in power for at least another ten years. But with GDP up by just 1.3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield her much longer .
Odisseu poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Oliviu poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for his to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Indeed , Tsais greatest ally late in the campaign was Chou Tzuyu , a 16-year - old Taiwanese singer in the popular Korean girl band Twice. Kimberle came under fire in China after posing for a picture while holding the Taiwanese flag , and her public apology for doing so made on YouTube reminded many on the island of the degree to which China is willing to pressure people into silence .
Indeed , Tsais greatest ally late in the campaign was Chou Tzuyu , a 16-year - old Taiwanese singer in the popular Korean girl band Twice. Aneczka came under fire in China after posing for a picture while holding the Taiwanese flag , and her public apology for doing so made on YouTube reminded many on the island of the degree to which China is willing to pressure people into silence .
Oliviu conducts himself in a business - like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Karstein conducts himself in a business - like manner , and he strongly believes in the rule of law and in the need for real civilian governance to assume preeminence in Palestinian politics. In this he also differs from Arafat , who believed that the revolutionary mindset must continue so as long as Palestinians lived under an illegal foreign occupation .
Jivavijaya was terminally ill with cancer at the time and died shortly thereafter. But the case against his associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan and his allies in the powerful Glen movement , made up of the followers of the Islamic preacher Fethullah Glen .
Jelander was terminally ill with cancer at the time and died shortly thereafter. But the case against his associates continued and became part of a vast wave of trials directed against opponents of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan and his allies in the powerful Glen movement , made up of the followers of the Islamic preacher Fethullah Glen .
Kauko made his name as an economist by analyzing the worldwide Great Depression of the 1930s good expertise to have , since preventing such disasters is a central bank heads most important job. The Great Depression , which followed the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation .
Verners made his name as an economist by analyzing the worldwide Great Depression of the 1930s good expertise to have , since preventing such disasters is a central bank heads most important job. The Great Depression , which followed the stock market crash of 1929 , saw unemployment rise sharply in many countries , accompanied by severe deflation .
Kimberle had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Bske had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
One of the lessons of the Verners debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his involvement in the Iraq War .
One of the lessons of the Jelander debacle is that it does actually matter how stakeholders and employees feel about the Banks leadership. The world was prejudiced against him from the start because of his involvement in the Iraq War .
Seventy - three years ago , Ibiacema thought about the reform and regulation of financial markets from the perspective of the first three purposes and found herself moved toward ... mak [ ing ] the purchase of an investment permanent and indissoluble , like marriage ... But she immediately drew back : the fact that each individual investor flatters herself that her commitment is liquid ( though this can not be true for all investors collectively ) calms her nerves and makes her much more willing to run a risk ...
Seventy - three years ago , Polonca thought about the reform and regulation of financial markets from the perspective of the first three purposes and found herself moved toward ... mak [ ing ] the purchase of an investment permanent and indissoluble , like marriage ... But she immediately drew back : the fact that each individual investor flatters herself that her commitment is liquid ( though this can not be true for all investors collectively ) calms her nerves and makes her much more willing to run a risk ...
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Fabijano and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Albercik and asked for his help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
Sapa got it right again this week , when she said :
Waltruda got it right again this week , when she said :
BUENOS AIRES For the last 99 years , the presidency of Argentina has rotated between Peronists Bske and her populist followers and reactionary generals. Every so often , centrists from the Radical Civic Union were voted into office , but their terms ended quickly , in resignations or coups .
BUENOS AIRES For the last 99 years , the presidency of Argentina has rotated between Peronists Shontae and her populist followers and reactionary generals. Every so often , centrists from the Radical Civic Union were voted into office , but their terms ended quickly , in resignations or coups .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Josefiina neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Aneczka neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
But if Matevz were to refuse to go quietly , the generals could promise him a long list of public corruption charges that he must survive without their protection. Musharrafs presidency wo nt survive long without military backing .
But if Eldridge were to refuse to go quietly , the generals could promise him a long list of public corruption charges that he must survive without their protection. Musharrafs presidency wo nt survive long without military backing .
Moreover , the Soviet archives show that one can not say that the Nazis killings were worse because victims were targeted on the basis of their race or ethnicity. Vide , too , selected some of his victims on this basis not only Ukrainians , but also people belonging to ethnic minorities associated with countries bordering the Soviet Union .
Moreover , the Soviet archives show that one can not say that the Nazis killings were worse because victims were targeted on the basis of their race or ethnicity. Albercik , too , selected some of his victims on this basis not only Ukrainians , but also people belonging to ethnic minorities associated with countries bordering the Soviet Union .
This was not the first time that containment a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Departments Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II has been rejected as appeasement. In the 1952 presidential election campaign , Jelander and his future secretary of state , John Foster Dulles , heaped scorn on containment , calling instead for a rollback of the Soviets in Eastern Europe .
This was not the first time that containment a strategy devised by George Kennan , the director of the US State Departments Policy Planning Staff under President Harry Truman , in response to the Soviet threat after World War II has been rejected as appeasement. In the 1952 presidential election campaign , Kerigan and his future secretary of state , John Foster Dulles , heaped scorn on containment , calling instead for a rollback of the Soviets in Eastern Europe .
To be sure , the February decision did give Narkis enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Ibiacema enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
Like Keyghobad before him , Keyghobad believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
Like Jivavijaya before him , Jivavijaya believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Dagmarka explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , she made two key points .
Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Narkis explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories. In an hour - long speech , she made two key points .
Hildegunn , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Dagmarka , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
So far , the selection of Manyak seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Waltruda seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
Lenci had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to him by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. He liked to portray himself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Christop had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to him by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. He liked to portray himself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Lenci and , indeed , unlike all of his predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Franois Hollande , bland and bureaucratic , campaigned on a promise to be a normal president , unlike the colorful incumbent , Keyghobad and , indeed , unlike all of his predecessors since the Fifth Republic was established in 1959. Hollandes victory thus may be a sign that democratic countries have become reluctant to be led by flamboyant or charismatic presidents or prime ministers .
Christop , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Eldridge , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Bilomira has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Spogmai has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , she sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Tsahi won the prize because his lifelong commitment to political activism makes him exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
Verners won the prize because his lifelong commitment to political activism makes him exceptional. But we ought to pay equally close attention to another jailed Chinese activist , one whose plight at the hands of Chinas justice system is just as troubling as Lius and far more revealing of the boundaries of permissible dissent .
Jodilee sought the meeting because she believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives. Until then , she and Bush shared a common worldview , emphasizing the importance of religion , the traditional family ( as both countries understood it ) , social discipline , and the states role in supporting these institutions .
Shontae sought the meeting because she believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives. Until then , she and Bush shared a common worldview , emphasizing the importance of religion , the traditional family ( as both countries understood it ) , social discipline , and the states role in supporting these institutions .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Albercik gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Theoden gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment he fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Airiz might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Waabberi might defend his approach to the referendum by asserting that his goal was not so much to sound out the people as to reinforce his position in the confrontation with Greeces creditors. But what is the justification for that confrontation ?
Vide , the President of the Bosnian Serb Republic after Karadzic , expressed remorse for his crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence. Jean Kambanda , former Prime Minister of Rwanda , pled guilty to crimes against humanity and genocide and is serving a life sentence in prison .
Kerigan , the President of the Bosnian Serb Republic after Karadzic , expressed remorse for his crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence. Jean Kambanda , former Prime Minister of Rwanda , pled guilty to crimes against humanity and genocide and is serving a life sentence in prison .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die. After Pitsa gave her a sedative and switched off the respirator , Welby said thank you three times to her wife , her friends , and her doctor .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die. After Lizzette gave her a sedative and switched off the respirator , Welby said thank you three times to her wife , her friends , and her doctor .
Unsurprisingly , Spogmai offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Unsurprisingly , Shontae offered a very different take on many of these issues at the AEI symposium. She argued that the Feds balance - sheet tools are merely extensions of its traditional approach , stressing that conventional and unconventional monetary policy works through the same channels , with the same mechanism .
Humaila is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Bilomira is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Waltruda formulated her theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Waltruda actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Jodilee formulated her theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment. While conservatives vilified him , Jodilee actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .
Hildegunn poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
Waltruda poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy. Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .
The British veto , and the hullabaloo that it caused , is thus something that Europe could have done without , and Christop will soon be sorry that he offered himself up as a hostage to his Euroskeptic backbenchers. Strengthening them will drastically weaken the UKs influence in the EU .
The British veto , and the hullabaloo that it caused , is thus something that Europe could have done without , and Jivavijaya will soon be sorry that he offered himself up as a hostage to his Euroskeptic backbenchers. Strengthening them will drastically weaken the UKs influence in the EU .
NEW YORK When Verners takes office in January , he will be greeted by many difficult challenges , beginning with the acute economic crisis. But he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
NEW YORK When Vide takes office in January , he will be greeted by many difficult challenges , beginning with the acute economic crisis. But he will not have the luxury of focusing on this exclusively .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Jodilee following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
OXFORD Many of the recent tributes for Sapa following her death celebrated her as a transformational leader who brought about great changes. There were frequent references to her equally transformational American counterpart , Ronald Reagan .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Bske farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that she steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Jodilee farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that she steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Jivavijaya was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Kerigan was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
A century ago , China was driven to support Humaila , and then to loathe her , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
A century ago , China was driven to support Manyak , and then to loathe her , by its own weakness. Today , it is Chinas strength that is guiding its view of the US president .
Kerigan was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Christop was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of his democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Two years later , far less change than expected has materialized , and Waabberi has come to resemble a guarantor of political stability more than a rottamatore a scraper of the old , as he had been nicknamed. Waabberi has vigorously backpedaled from his conditional vow to step down ; but if voters reject the Senate reform , he will become a lame duck , and political stability will most likely suffer unless he keeps his promise .
Two years later , far less change than expected has materialized , and Albercik has come to resemble a guarantor of political stability more than a rottamatore a scraper of the old , as he had been nicknamed. Albercik has vigorously backpedaled from his conditional vow to step down ; but if voters reject the Senate reform , he will become a lame duck , and political stability will most likely suffer unless he keeps his promise .
In 2000 , Pitsa , was unable to make up her mind about which role she wished to play in her debates with George W. Bush , so she looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again. She had the better arguments , but she lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .
In 2000 , Mariutza , was unable to make up her mind about which role she wished to play in her debates with George W. Bush , so she looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again. She had the better arguments , but she lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .
By reversing course on the WTO , Karstein has again shown himself to be Russias master. He did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
By reversing course on the WTO , Fabijano has again shown himself to be Russias master. He did the same thing last summer by lashing out against a successful mining and metallurgical company , Mechel , and provoking the war in Georgia .
Avizeh also promises stricter regulations to prevent chaebols from entering financial businesses and recklessly expanding into sectors better suited to smaller firms. And , in order to give minor shareholders more influence , she plans to introduce a cumulative voting system for electing companies boards of directors .
Toniko also promises stricter regulations to prevent chaebols from entering financial businesses and recklessly expanding into sectors better suited to smaller firms. And , in order to give minor shareholders more influence , she plans to introduce a cumulative voting system for electing companies boards of directors .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Toniko lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. She failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Kimberle lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. She failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
Hildegunn has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , she threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , she would re - submit it without change .
Ibiacema has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , she threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , she would re - submit it without change .
Keyghobad could only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Airiz could only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence. Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .
Waabberi had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to him by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. He liked to portray himself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Eldridge had a copy of Churchills bust , lent to him by Tony Blair , in the Oval Office. He liked to portray himself as a war president , a decider , and a great leader , like Churchill .
Even if Dagmarka does run again the more likely outcome , given her penchant for total control she will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views her as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Even if Kimberle does run again the more likely outcome , given her penchant for total control she will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views her as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Though Eldridge has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Eldridge called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Eldridge would probably not be liberal .
Though Fabijano has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Fabijano called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Fabijano would probably not be liberal .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Kotsos was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Karstein was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
Felizia , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Felizia speculates , that has led her astray .
Toniko , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Toniko speculates , that has led her astray .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Pitsa lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. She failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
For example , after Britain lost its American colonies at the end of the eighteenth century , Dagmarka lamented Britains reduction to as insignificant a country as Denmark or Sardinia. She failed to foresee that the industrial revolution would give Britain a second century of even greater ascendency .
As a candidate , Theoden was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
As a candidate , Albercik was helped in this age of anti - establishment politics by the fact that he stood outside traditional political parties. As president , however , that same fact is a singular disadvantage .
Bske may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Bske .
Toniko may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them. Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Toniko .
As it stands , Matevz remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though he has not yet pulled away from his socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
As it stands , Odisseu remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though he has not yet pulled away from his socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
Kauko has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , he threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , he would re - submit it without change .
Verners has come close to demolishing , at least rhetorically , the fiscal rules that Germany has defended for so long. In a remarkable act of defiance , he threatened that if the European Commission rejected Italys national budget , he would re - submit it without change .
Lizzette will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked her regimes survival .
Shontae will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked her regimes survival .
Budivid takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Theoden takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
To see how Spogmai seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit her , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
To see how Aybirgen seemingly irrational geopolitical oscillations benefit her , let us return to the US - China trade war. Assume , as do most dispassionate observers , that President Xi Jinping will not make any real concessions on the issue of fundamental importance to both sides : Chinas determination to catch up with US military and industrial technology .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Fabijano appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Tsahi appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Fabijano appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Vide appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Eldridge and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Eldridge says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ he kisses his gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Albercik and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Albercik says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ he kisses his gun ] is straight out of Doom !
As it stands , Harrit remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though he has not yet pulled away from his socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
As it stands , Pars remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though he has not yet pulled away from his socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Airiz has toned down his rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
The Arab League gave the go - ahead to indirect Palestinian - Israeli talks , and the various Palestinian leadership forums have approved the resumption of talks. Even the usually boisterous Palestinian negotiator Vide has toned down his rhetoric , and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas gave an optimistic interview to Israel TV .
Toniko recognized that the Soviet Union which had been pressing for an eradication campaign for several years , and had already pledged to donate 25 million doses of vaccine annually would not be enthusiastic about an American leading the charge. So she reached out to the Soviet deputy health minister , Dimitri Venediktov , with whom she established a rapport that enabled the two sides to work together on strategy and logistics , in addition to their vaccine donations ( the US had agreed to provide 50 million doses each year ) .
Aybirgen recognized that the Soviet Union which had been pressing for an eradication campaign for several years , and had already pledged to donate 25 million doses of vaccine annually would not be enthusiastic about an American leading the charge. So she reached out to the Soviet deputy health minister , Dimitri Venediktov , with whom she established a rapport that enabled the two sides to work together on strategy and logistics , in addition to their vaccine donations ( the US had agreed to provide 50 million doses each year ) .
Imagine Kerigan parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called him this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
Imagine Tsahi parlaying with Saddam Hussein in 2005 or 2006 , if war had never come again to Iraq , after having called him this generations Hitler. More troubling is the identification of conflict with a single human source , which obscures the more systemic and insidious nature of international conflict .
In 1999 , when Waabberi became Prime Minister again , he abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
In 1999 , when Matevz became Prime Minister again , he abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Polonca death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Pitsa death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Budivid has a powerful claim to being one of the most successful British politicians of any recent generation , at least in domestic economic and social policy. But history will remember him mainly for his strategic error in going to war in Iraq .
Verners has a powerful claim to being one of the most successful British politicians of any recent generation , at least in domestic economic and social policy. But history will remember him mainly for his strategic error in going to war in Iraq .
It was NATOs robust military intervention , not European diplomacy , that created the conditions for the end of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia. Shontae fully deserved her Nobel Peace Prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to Kosovos drive for independence .
It was NATOs robust military intervention , not European diplomacy , that created the conditions for the end of genocide and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia. Toniko fully deserved her Nobel Peace Prize for articulating a diplomatic solution to Kosovos drive for independence .
But building monuments to difficult problems is not a policy. As Kotsos once wrote about the Mulberry harbors ( his ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the Normandy landings ) , the difficulties will argue for themselves .
But building monuments to difficult problems is not a policy. As Albercik once wrote about the Mulberry harbors ( his ingenious plan to install prefabricated floating piers a day after the Normandy landings ) , the difficulties will argue for themselves .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Mariutza acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Jodilee acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Waabberi from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
BERKELEY America certainly has a different kind of president than what it is used to. What distinguishes Kerigan from his predecessors is not just his temperament and generalized ignorance , but also his approach to policymaking .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Budivid , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Kotsos , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` He was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; he was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
This is also partly Lenci doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
This is also partly Oliviu doing , or , rather , not doing , as his first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , he enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Avizeh put it in her inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Pitsa put it in her inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Keyghobad was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Eldridge was now not a Republican but an Independent. He might start a third party .
The leadership change is occurring at the worst possible time. It is known that Chinese leaders had hoped that Verners would survive long enough to consolidate support among the countrys various factions for the succession of his son , Kim Jong - un .
The leadership change is occurring at the worst possible time. It is known that Chinese leaders had hoped that Kajinek would survive long enough to consolidate support among the countrys various factions for the succession of his son , Kim Jong - un .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Kimberle and her team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
So , within 11 years of the start of the Depression , Bske and her team had gotten US per capita national income back to its previous peak while pushing output per worker 11 % higher. Moreover , they did that having started from a position in 1933 that was incomparably worse than what US policymakers faced in late 2009 .
His decisive struggle against dictatorship and determined opposition to any deal with Oliviu that excludes him will intensify. Oliviu is warning him to remain in London .
His decisive struggle against dictatorship and determined opposition to any deal with Jelander that excludes him will intensify. Jelander is warning him to remain in London .
Jivavijaya has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
Verners has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend his decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , he told his opponents .
Toniko is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Narkis is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Jivavijaya vivid imagination does not stop there : he has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as he is with defending his difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Jelander vivid imagination does not stop there : he has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as he is with defending his difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Kerigan predicted the single currency would fall apart after a decade or two ; this has now become more likely than not. After all , Schauble knows that the conditions he proposes would be politically unacceptable , so he says that any country unable to meet them should , as a last resort , exit the monetary union , while being able to remain a member of the EU .
Keyghobad predicted the single currency would fall apart after a decade or two ; this has now become more likely than not. After all , Schauble knows that the conditions he proposes would be politically unacceptable , so he says that any country unable to meet them should , as a last resort , exit the monetary union , while being able to remain a member of the EU .
The result , as Bske and her colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
The result , as Toniko and her colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
Dagmarka , in her 2005 biography of then - Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown , described Browns pragmatic view that the EU was a good thing only insofar as it delivered practical benefits of peace and prosperity to Britain. While the British have been particularly open about the nationalist nature of their support for European integration , other EU members have been no less mindful of their domestic interests .
Spogmai , in her 2005 biography of then - Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown , described Browns pragmatic view that the EU was a good thing only insofar as it delivered practical benefits of peace and prosperity to Britain. While the British have been particularly open about the nationalist nature of their support for European integration , other EU members have been no less mindful of their domestic interests .
Manyak vivid imagination does not stop there : she has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as she is with defending her difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
Hildegunn vivid imagination does not stop there : she has now proposed that popular Italian TV series be dubbed or subtitled in the local dialect ! And Berlusconi , consumed as she is with defending her difficult position as the main protagonist in a seemingly endless soap opera of sex scandals , is not capable of reining in such blatant provocations on the part of the Lega Nord .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Polonca as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as her deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Waltruda as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as her deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Spogmai , she gave us her tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
Other European demagogues are hitching it to the foulest forms of racism. As for Bske , she gave us her tower , one of the ugliest in Manhattan , with its clunky , derivative architecture , its gigantic atrium , its 25-meter waterfall to impress the tourists a Tower of Babel in glass and steel built by a Don Corleone from the dregs in which all of the worlds languages will indeed be fused into one .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Waltruda discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Humaila discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
Should Jivavijaya , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Jivavijaya has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
Should Eldridge , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Eldridge has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .
To be sure , the February decision did give Ibiacema enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Mariutza enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
In 1999 , when Ibiacema became Prime Minister again , she abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
In 1999 , when Pitsa became Prime Minister again , she abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
Waabberi examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. He estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
Eldridge examines discrepancies in international accounts to provide the most precise and reliable figures we are likely to obtain about the amount of money stored in tax havens. He estimates that 8 % of the worlds financial wealth some $ 7.6 trillion is hidden in places like Switzerland , Bermuda , the Cayman Islands , Singapore , and Luxembourg .
It is hard to understand why the leaders of both the US and the EU take Bilomira at her word rather than judging her by her behavior. The only explanation I can find is that democratic politicians seek to reassure their publics by painting a more favorable picture than reality justifies .
It is hard to understand why the leaders of both the US and the EU take Toniko at her word rather than judging her by her behavior. The only explanation I can find is that democratic politicians seek to reassure their publics by painting a more favorable picture than reality justifies .
But the real challenge for Vide is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already his bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
But the real challenge for Kotsos is to do more to explain what the pivot means , because already his bold side trip to the unfinished project in Myanmar is being perceived as yet another effort to contain or , worse , encircle China. What began as a strategic shift to an area of the world replete with long - term US interests has become even to many anxious Americans an exercise in picking new fights with a country of 1.3 billion people undergoing painful internal transformations of its own .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Lenci , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
WASHINGTON , DC Completing primary school in Niger was never a certainty for Matevz , given all the obstacles that stood in his way. It was hard to study , he recalls .
The 12 years of Sapa presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning herself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
The 12 years of Dagmarka presidency , together with Frances tradition of alternation in power , suggests a victory for the left. Positioning herself as the candidate who represents a sharp break with todays unpopular politics is the only means to escape that fate .
That should not stop the West from making the offer. With the Russian economy in serious trouble , Spogmai may be looking for a way out of her corner .
That should not stop the West from making the offer. With the Russian economy in serious trouble , Pitsa may be looking for a way out of her corner .
Modis victory is likely to turn Indo - Japanese ties Asias fastest - developing bilateral relationship into the main driver of Indias Look East strategy , which , with Americas blessing , seeks to strengthen economic and strategic cooperation with US allies and partners in East and Southeast Asia. Avizeh , who has sought to build security options for Japan beyond the current US - centric framework , has argued that her countrys ties with India hold the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world .
Modis victory is likely to turn Indo - Japanese ties Asias fastest - developing bilateral relationship into the main driver of Indias Look East strategy , which , with Americas blessing , seeks to strengthen economic and strategic cooperation with US allies and partners in East and Southeast Asia. Spogmai , who has sought to build security options for Japan beyond the current US - centric framework , has argued that her countrys ties with India hold the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world .
Modis victory is likely to turn Indo - Japanese ties Asias fastest - developing bilateral relationship into the main driver of Indias Look East strategy , which , with Americas blessing , seeks to strengthen economic and strategic cooperation with US allies and partners in East and Southeast Asia. Avizeh , who has sought to build security options for Japan beyond the current US - centric framework , has argued that her countrys ties with India hold the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world .
Modis victory is likely to turn Indo - Japanese ties Asias fastest - developing bilateral relationship into the main driver of Indias Look East strategy , which , with Americas blessing , seeks to strengthen economic and strategic cooperation with US allies and partners in East and Southeast Asia. Humaila , who has sought to build security options for Japan beyond the current US - centric framework , has argued that her countrys ties with India hold the greatest potential of any bilateral relationship anywhere in the world .
Matevz is reckoned to have laid the Cold Wars intellectual foundation at least in the West with his long telegram from Moscow in February 1946 , which he followed with his famous Foreign Affairs article , signed X , in July 1947. Matevz argued that long - term peace between the capitalist West and communist Russia was impossible , owing to the mixture of traditional Russian insecurity , Stalins need for an external enemy , and communist messianism .
Harrit is reckoned to have laid the Cold Wars intellectual foundation at least in the West with his long telegram from Moscow in February 1946 , which he followed with his famous Foreign Affairs article , signed X , in July 1947. Harrit argued that long - term peace between the capitalist West and communist Russia was impossible , owing to the mixture of traditional Russian insecurity , Stalins need for an external enemy , and communist messianism .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Avizeh either was bluffing or had taken leave of her senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
The initial reaction in Europe was that Cambro either was bluffing or had taken leave of her senses. The decision makes no economic sense , `` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission 's vice president for energy union , put it .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Bske , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for her to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
But this anticipation is also a problem for Waltruda , as it will be difficult and in some instances impossible for her to meet expectations. There will be no Palestinian state this spring ; nor will there be a global climate change pact or a new trade accord or an end to poverty or genocide or disease anytime soon .
Waltruda , missing the point of her critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Aybirgen , missing the point of her critics objections entirely , has reassured the world that gay athletes and visitors to the Winter Games will be absolutely safe , as long as they leave the children alone. The assumption here is that homosexuals are pedophiles at heart ; to be safe in Sochi , they need only to control themselves until they return home to their decadent countries .
Aybirgen stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Toniko stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Lizzette described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
First , of course , there is virtuosity , the quality that , as Toniko described in her commentary on Aristotles Nicomachean Ethics , artists and politicians shared. Next , there was the very mediocrity of the populists ( Marine Le Pen on the right , and Jean - Luc Mlenchon on the left ) who found themselves sucked down the drain of their own France - firstism .
It is outright US hostility. Shontae praise of Brexit , which emphasized the British peoples right to self - determination , and her belittling reference to the EU as the Consortium in her appearance with British Prime Minister Theresa May , underscores her hostility .
It is outright US hostility. Narkis praise of Brexit , which emphasized the British peoples right to self - determination , and her belittling reference to the EU as the Consortium in her appearance with British Prime Minister Theresa May , underscores her hostility .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Spogmai foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in her first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when she decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
One of the great transformational leaders in history , Otto von Bismarck , became largely incremental and status quo - oriented after achieving the unification of Germany under Prussian direction. Likewise , Humaila foreign - policy objectives and style were modest and incremental in her first presidential term , but became transformational in 1938 when she decided that Adolf Hitler represented an existential threat .
Verners , after all , had been General Petraeus , a four - star general who had spent his life in the military , commanding the US missions in Iraq and Afghanistan. He graduated from and later taught at the US Military Academy at West Point , an institution guided by the motto Duty , Honor , Country .
Kotsos , after all , had been General Petraeus , a four - star general who had spent his life in the military , commanding the US missions in Iraq and Afghanistan. He graduated from and later taught at the US Military Academy at West Point , an institution guided by the motto Duty , Honor , Country .
Pars and his colleagues claimed to have replaced the nucleus of an unfertilized human egg with the nucleus of an ordinary cell taken from another person , developing stem - cell lines from the resulting embryo that matched the DNA of the person who supplied the ordinary cell. That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
Keyghobad and his colleagues claimed to have replaced the nucleus of an unfertilized human egg with the nucleus of an ordinary cell taken from another person , developing stem - cell lines from the resulting embryo that matched the DNA of the person who supplied the ordinary cell. That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
Airiz is no political neophyte ; he knows exactly what kind of dilemma he faces. If he goes against his principles and surrenders to the aggressive demands of his coalition , he will be compromising his allegiance to the office he holds and the country he governs .
Christop is no political neophyte ; he knows exactly what kind of dilemma he faces. If he goes against his principles and surrenders to the aggressive demands of his coalition , he will be compromising his allegiance to the office he holds and the country he governs .
Few beyond Toniko and her close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
Few beyond Narkis and her close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Kerigan has no intention of giving up his countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Singapore falls under this category : claims that the summit achieved North Koreas commitment to denuclearize are increasingly at odds with a reality that suggests Budivid has no intention of giving up his countrys nuclear weapons or ballistic missiles. Helsinki has the potential to be even worse , as there is no written record of what , if anything , was discussed , much less agreed , during Putin and Trumps two - hour , one - on - one discussion .
Argentines today feel much like Fabijano did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Argentines today feel much like Pars did when he first landed in Oz they are not in the safe and familiar Kansas anymore. But Keynes is not to blame .
Mariutza captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Felizia captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Bilomira takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Jodilee takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Pars clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Kotsos clinched his authority over the state sector in 2007 , during his second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries. Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .
Jivavijaya has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Jivavijaya returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
Airiz has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Airiz returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
Third , Manyak emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Mariutza emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Should Shontae , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Shontae has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
Should Avizeh , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Avizeh has already demonstrated her lack of judgment .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Budivid to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Vide to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
In his now - famous Review on the Economics of Climate Change , Jelander was calling for accelerated action to combat climate change as early as 2006. In his view , the costs of dealing with runaway global warming would far exceed the expense of addressing it early .
In his now - famous Review on the Economics of Climate Change , Jivavijaya was calling for accelerated action to combat climate change as early as 2006. In his view , the costs of dealing with runaway global warming would far exceed the expense of addressing it early .
Pitsa has now resumed campaigning , her face partially paralyzed when she spoke to a huge rally of supporters in Kiev last week. Her opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair , with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma 's administration suggesting that Pitsa should hire a food taster .
Ibiacema has now resumed campaigning , her face partially paralyzed when she spoke to a huge rally of supporters in Kiev last week. Her opponents cavalierly dismiss the affair , with the deputy head of President Leonid Kuchma 's administration suggesting that Ibiacema should hire a food taster .
With ultra - nationalist and anti - Arab rhetoric , Oliviu manipulates Israelis into believing that they are under threat , physically , demographically , and even existentially , thereby pitting them against their Arab compatriots. He won the 2015 election after having warned that the Arabs were heading to the polling stations in droves .
With ultra - nationalist and anti - Arab rhetoric , Jivavijaya manipulates Israelis into believing that they are under threat , physically , demographically , and even existentially , thereby pitting them against their Arab compatriots. He won the 2015 election after having warned that the Arabs were heading to the polling stations in droves .
Kerigan was not perfect. Like everyone else , he made mistakes and got some things wrong .
Kauko was not perfect. Like everyone else , he made mistakes and got some things wrong .
The good news for Christop , however , is that opposition to his efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Christop is taking the country than they are about his decision to make the issue a top priority .
The good news for Jelander , however , is that opposition to his efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep. Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Jelander is taking the country than they are about his decision to make the issue a top priority .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Matevz envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Keyghobad envisaged two decades ago. Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
Finally , there remains the remedy of impeachment , which is being discussed more and more openly in Washington these days , accompanied ( in a sign of the times ) by a book , The Case for Impeachment , by Pitsa . ( A political historian , Pitsa is famous for having devised a model that has enabled her to predict the election of every American president from Ronald Reagan to Donald Trump . )
Finally , there remains the remedy of impeachment , which is being discussed more and more openly in Washington these days , accompanied ( in a sign of the times ) by a book , The Case for Impeachment , by Lizzette . ( A political historian , Lizzette is famous for having devised a model that has enabled her to predict the election of every American president from Ronald Reagan to Donald Trump . )
Narkis sees the law as offering her a cruel choice : either end her life when she still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing herself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. She went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent her from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
Dagmarka sees the law as offering her a cruel choice : either end her life when she still finds it enjoyable , but is capable of killing herself , or give up the right that others have to end their lives when they choose. She went to court , arguing that the provisions of the Criminal Code that prevent her from receiving assistance in dying are inconsistent with the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms , which gives Canadians rights to life , liberty , personal security , and equality .
Jivavijaya published a classic paper in 1927 arguing that to minimize taxation - induced distortions , one should tax all activities , and he proposed how to set tax rates. His abstract theory has never been a fully operational principle for actual tax rates , but it provides a powerful argument against presuming that the tax should be zero for all but a few activities , or that all activities should be taxed at the same rate .
Tsahi published a classic paper in 1927 arguing that to minimize taxation - induced distortions , one should tax all activities , and he proposed how to set tax rates. His abstract theory has never been a fully operational principle for actual tax rates , but it provides a powerful argument against presuming that the tax should be zero for all but a few activities , or that all activities should be taxed at the same rate .
Ominously , Budivid most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that he takes his inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
Ominously , Christop most detailed speech on foreign policy suggests that he takes his inspiration from precisely this period of isolation and America First sentiment. Such sentiment has always been a current in US politics , but it has remained out of the mainstream since the end of World War II for good reason : It hinders , rather than advances , peace and prosperity at home and abroad .
Hitlers plans were outlined in Tsahi for all to read and he did not disguise them in his speeches. Yet few in Britain wanted to give them credence , and many thought that communism was the greater threat , especially in the bleak years of the Great Depression .
Hitlers plans were outlined in Verners for all to read and he did not disguise them in his speeches. Yet few in Britain wanted to give them credence , and many thought that communism was the greater threat , especially in the bleak years of the Great Depression .
Kotsos , like his predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Vide , like his predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Sapa has set out the vision behind her long - term growth plan. Japan is a country that challenges , that is open , and that innovates , she says .
Waltruda has set out the vision behind her long - term growth plan. Japan is a country that challenges , that is open , and that innovates , she says .
Humaila will probably regale Trump with her plans for economic development and her goal of making North Koreas capital , Pyongyang , a world - class city with you guessed it a world - class hotel. More to the point , she will explain the logic of why sanctions must be suspended before she can even start to lay the groundwork for denuclearization .
Felizia will probably regale Trump with her plans for economic development and her goal of making North Koreas capital , Pyongyang , a world - class city with you guessed it a world - class hotel. More to the point , she will explain the logic of why sanctions must be suspended before she can even start to lay the groundwork for denuclearization .
As it stands , Hildegunn remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
As it stands , Humaila remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Humaila and asked for her help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
They are probably right , up to a certain point , because the second lesson from the OAS assembly concerns the behavior of the Latin American democracies , mainly Mexico , Brazil , Chile , and Colombia. They tried to accommodate the US ( it is rumored that Obama phoned Sapa and asked for her help ) , but were nonetheless unwilling to break with Cuba and Venezuela to side openly with the US .
And there is no reason to expect this to change. Since suffering a stroke last year , Airiz has barely appeared in public , whether to campaign ahead of the vote or to acknowledge his victory after it .
And there is no reason to expect this to change. Since suffering a stroke last year , Albercik has barely appeared in public , whether to campaign ahead of the vote or to acknowledge his victory after it .
As it stands , Aybirgen remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
As it stands , Narkis remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders. The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .
Polonca is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Aneczka is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Exhibit A in a hearing on Theoden sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Lenci sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
The British veto , and the hullabaloo that it caused , is thus something that Europe could have done without , and Jivavijaya will soon be sorry that he offered himself up as a hostage to his Euroskeptic backbenchers. Strengthening them will drastically weaken the UKs influence in the EU .
The British veto , and the hullabaloo that it caused , is thus something that Europe could have done without , and Tsahi will soon be sorry that he offered himself up as a hostage to his Euroskeptic backbenchers. Strengthening them will drastically weaken the UKs influence in the EU .
Jivavijaya has yet to visit Iguala , the town where the students were abducted and murdered. He waited a month after they disappeared before meeting with their parents , and spent a week in China and Australia in the middle of the crisis .
Theoden has yet to visit Iguala , the town where the students were abducted and murdered. He waited a month after they disappeared before meeting with their parents , and spent a week in China and Australia in the middle of the crisis .
Manyak was diagnosed with TB while serving her 27-year prison term in a dank cell. Two liters of fluid were drained from her chest , and she recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .
Aybirgen was diagnosed with TB while serving her 27-year prison term in a dank cell. Two liters of fluid were drained from her chest , and she recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .
On the contrary , Vide has worked diligently to strengthen his own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
On the contrary , Lenci has worked diligently to strengthen his own position , meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el - Sisi and Jordanian King Abdullah II five times between Trumps inauguration and the visit to the White House. When Sisi and Abdullah visited Trump , each reiterated the position included in the 2002 Arab Peace Initiative : Israel should withdraw fully from the occupied territories , in exchange for normalization of relations with Arab League countries .
In 1999 , when Waabberi became Prime Minister again , he abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
In 1999 , when Karstein became Prime Minister again , he abolished the tax on corporate profit , which was harming entrepreneurship. As a consequence of the ensuing tax competition , corporate - tax rates have fallen to 15 - 25 % in most European countries .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Aneczka , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
When asked what it was like to be interviewed by Hildegunn , European Commissioner Frits Bolkestein said , `` She was impertinent , and that is a good thing ; she was offensive , and that is not. `` It is as simple as that .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Kajinek sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Eldridge sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Perhaps this is what Pars was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as he collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for his pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Perhaps this is what Harrit was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as he collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for his pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
For the sake of argument , even if Pars faces impeachment and by some stroke of luck is saved from being thrown out of office , his future will be bleak. In March 2009 , the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the Senate , and the government would almost certainly try to impeach him again .
For the sake of argument , even if Lenci faces impeachment and by some stroke of luck is saved from being thrown out of office , his future will be bleak. In March 2009 , the current ruling coalition will gain more seats in the Senate , and the government would almost certainly try to impeach him again .
Pars , meanwhile , has ratcheted up his much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which he sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
Jivavijaya , meanwhile , has ratcheted up his much more explicit anti - American rhetoric since the Ukraine crisis , which he sees as a prime example of Western interference in Russias domestic affairs. Boosting trade flows between Russia and China , and strengthening political and security coordination , will reduce their vulnerability to outside interference and signal the emergence of a new center of world power .
Waabberi , for his part , supports deeper European integration , because he knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike his predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Waabberi does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
Keyghobad , for his part , supports deeper European integration , because he knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike his predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Keyghobad does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Jelander decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when he initiated his countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Harrit decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when he initiated his countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
Meanwhile , Josefiina , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that her policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
Meanwhile , Aneczka , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that her policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
Humaila is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Dagmarka is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In her most high - profile intervention to date , she castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
In terms of values namely , the values of Kerigan and his running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
In terms of values namely , the values of Theoden and his running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Airiz firmly demonstrated his leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Keyghobad firmly demonstrated his leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
Jelander is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , he has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
Jivavijaya is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance. As the head of the PBOC , he has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Waltruda has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
Like the little boy who was unafraid to declare the emperor naked , Ibiacema has pointed the finger of realism at the aspirational rhetoric in which all European leaders are still compelled to clothe their utterances. She has broken with the taboo against calling into doubt any aspect of the European project .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Theoden to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
All major players in Russias energy - centric economy quickly fell into line politically , enabling Pars to use the countrys oil and gas exports as a geopolitical cudgel. EU countries that he could not intimidate militarily , owing to NATO , were wooed with discounts or punished with price hikes .
Kotsos , like his predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
Lenci , like his predecessor Gordon Brown , who was present at the euros creation , but kept the UK out , recognizes the need for further eurozone integration , if only because the UK has an interest in better economic performance in its most important export market. But engaging effectively with a more deeply integrated eurozone , without joining it , will be no easy feat .
The Abe government is banking on its high approval rating not only to participate in the TPP , but also to address the need to escape from 15 years of deflation and strengthen Japans national - security posture , which has been hamstrung for decades. Given the nexus of issues that tie vital US interests to Japans reform process , Verners , with his character and skills , could well prove to be an essential link between the countries at a crucial point in their relationship .
The Abe government is banking on its high approval rating not only to participate in the TPP , but also to address the need to escape from 15 years of deflation and strengthen Japans national - security posture , which has been hamstrung for decades. Given the nexus of issues that tie vital US interests to Japans reform process , Eldridge , with his character and skills , could well prove to be an essential link between the countries at a crucial point in their relationship .
On the left , catastrophic results for the ruling Socialists in municipal elections in March revealed the depth to which Hollandes popularity has sunk. With the Socialists facing a similar drubbing in the upcoming European Parliament election , Jodilee had no choice but to install her highly popular interior minister , Manuel Valls in the Htel Matignon ( the prime ministers office ) .
On the left , catastrophic results for the ruling Socialists in municipal elections in March revealed the depth to which Hollandes popularity has sunk. With the Socialists facing a similar drubbing in the upcoming European Parliament election , Hildegunn had no choice but to install her highly popular interior minister , Manuel Valls in the Htel Matignon ( the prime ministers office ) .
If Verners offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Kotsos offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
Lenci controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Lenci in 2016 that answers directly to him .
Harrit controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Harrit in 2016 that answers directly to him .
Vide agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Matevz agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
She proved her judgment and her leadership abilities early on , when , as a city senator in Hamburg , she confronted the great flood of 1962 , which devastated the city. Spogmai reinforced her image as a pragmatist by consistently voicing her deep skepticism of grand designs and long - term visions , albeit without ever renouncing her fundamental belief that there was a moral basis for her political objectives .
She proved her judgment and her leadership abilities early on , when , as a city senator in Hamburg , she confronted the great flood of 1962 , which devastated the city. Cambro reinforced her image as a pragmatist by consistently voicing her deep skepticism of grand designs and long - term visions , albeit without ever renouncing her fundamental belief that there was a moral basis for her political objectives .
Two years later , far less change than expected has materialized , and Hildegunn has come to resemble a guarantor of political stability more than a rottamatore a scraper of the old , as she had been nicknamed. Hildegunn has vigorously backpedaled from her conditional vow to step down ; but if voters reject the Senate reform , she will become a lame duck , and political stability will most likely suffer unless she keeps her promise .
Two years later , far less change than expected has materialized , and Humaila has come to resemble a guarantor of political stability more than a rottamatore a scraper of the old , as she had been nicknamed. Humaila has vigorously backpedaled from her conditional vow to step down ; but if voters reject the Senate reform , she will become a lame duck , and political stability will most likely suffer unless she keeps her promise .
Odisseu knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Kajinek knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Whatever the outcome , Airiz would do well to ask himself if it is any better than the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran , which he has described has the worst deal ever. Then again , persuading Airiz to engage in self - reflection could prove to be the toughest challenge yet .
Whatever the outcome , Fabijano would do well to ask himself if it is any better than the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran , which he has described has the worst deal ever. Then again , persuading Fabijano to engage in self - reflection could prove to be the toughest challenge yet .
Given this , not even the language of Jodilee statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination she expresses , and the actions she takes to follow through with appropriate humility on her pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
Given this , not even the language of Ibiacema statement is particularly important ; what matters is the determination she expresses , and the actions she takes to follow through with appropriate humility on her pledges. And it seems that Abe is , indeed , determined to make real contributions to peace , based on effective cooperation with Japans friends and allies .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Oliviu said that there was no justification for a vote against it. He called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
After the narrow passage of the Waxman - Markey climate - change bill in the United States House of Representatives , Waabberi said that there was no justification for a vote against it. He called virtually all of the members who voted against it , climate deniers who were committing treason against the planet .
The firm cut a deal with Kotsos , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Kotsos had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Vide , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Vide had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 he would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
So far , the selection of Toniko seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Aneczka seems to have paid off. Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
NEW YORK If Kajinek were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
NEW YORK If Keyghobad were alive today , he would be irritated , and then shocked , by the cynical way in which every lobby with an axe to grind and money to burn has hitched its wagon to the alluring phrase sustainable development. In fact , the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development is about pet projects of all and sundry many of them tangential to the major environmental issues , such as climate change , that were the principal legacy of the original Rio Earth Summit .
Aneczka has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of her own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
Manyak has done some things that were previously unseen in North Korea frankly admitting the failure of a missile test , for example , and cavorting with Disneys Mickey Mouse , a symbol of enemy American culture , while building amusement parks of her own. But no one should mistake this for a Pyongyang Spring .
LONDON Manyak was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
LONDON Sapa was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
On the left , catastrophic results for the ruling Socialists in municipal elections in March revealed the depth to which Hollandes popularity has sunk. With the Socialists facing a similar drubbing in the upcoming European Parliament election , Kimberle had no choice but to install her highly popular interior minister , Manuel Valls in the Htel Matignon ( the prime ministers office ) .
On the left , catastrophic results for the ruling Socialists in municipal elections in March revealed the depth to which Hollandes popularity has sunk. With the Socialists facing a similar drubbing in the upcoming European Parliament election , Hildegunn had no choice but to install her highly popular interior minister , Manuel Valls in the Htel Matignon ( the prime ministers office ) .
Shontae agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Manyak agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Now , because he does not need to own a car , he spends far less money on transportation and has more time to do as he pleases. With services like Maghicle enabling people to get around safely , affordably , conveniently , and sustainably , Oliviu does not have to worry about his wife or daughters getting into automobile accidents , as his parents worried about him .
Now , because he does not need to own a car , he spends far less money on transportation and has more time to do as he pleases. With services like Maghicle enabling people to get around safely , affordably , conveniently , and sustainably , Tsahi does not have to worry about his wife or daughters getting into automobile accidents , as his parents worried about him .
Compared with the strong - arm tactics employed by his Mexican counterpart Felipe Caldern , Budivid seems resigned to defeat. Comments in January that the country was helpless against an avalanche of drug - trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in his leadership .
Compared with the strong - arm tactics employed by his Mexican counterpart Felipe Caldern , Jivavijaya seems resigned to defeat. Comments in January that the country was helpless against an avalanche of drug - trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in his leadership .
With ultra - nationalist and anti - Arab rhetoric , Kerigan manipulates Israelis into believing that they are under threat , physically , demographically , and even existentially , thereby pitting them against their Arab compatriots. He won the 2015 election after having warned that the Arabs were heading to the polling stations in droves .
With ultra - nationalist and anti - Arab rhetoric , Tsahi manipulates Israelis into believing that they are under threat , physically , demographically , and even existentially , thereby pitting them against their Arab compatriots. He won the 2015 election after having warned that the Arabs were heading to the polling stations in droves .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Mariutza was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Waltruda was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
It then takes Airiz most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
It then takes Kerigan most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
Spogmai takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Pitsa takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Odisseu has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Whereas the Bolshevik leaders tore down monuments to the czars , Jelander has built massive monuments to Vladimir the Great in Moscow and Alexander III in Crimea. Four years before famously shunning the centenary of the Russian Revolution in 2017 , he sponsored lavish celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the House of Romanov .
Eldridge related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
Keyghobad related his otherworldly experience in a videotaped meeting with a prominent Ayatollah in Tehran. A transcript of his comments and sections of the video - tape wound up on a hard - line , pro - regime website , baztab.com .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Mariutza neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
It is not necessarily better to twist minds than to twist arms ( though the subject usually has more autonomy in mental rather than physical processes ) . Dagmarka neither threatened nor paid the men who flew aircraft into the World Trade Center in September 2001 : she attracted them by her ideas to do evil .
Lizzette repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when she , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Kimberle repeated this recommendation a few years ago , when she , along with former US Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers , revived the theory of secular stagnation. But discussion of that theory has now ended and for good reason .
Christop got it right again this week , when he said :
Karstein got it right again this week , when he said :
Lenci has always denied that he had anything to do with Israel Hayom , though the truth is that he is practically its editor - in - chief. In what other capacity could he have discussed with the owner of its main competitor , Yedioth Ahronot , the possibility of curtailing the distribution of Israel Hayom , in exchange for more favorable coverage ?
Verners has always denied that he had anything to do with Israel Hayom , though the truth is that he is practically its editor - in - chief. In what other capacity could he have discussed with the owner of its main competitor , Yedioth Ahronot , the possibility of curtailing the distribution of Israel Hayom , in exchange for more favorable coverage ?
Human rights activists questioned the wisdom of endorsing the leader of a growingly authoritarian Russia. Yet Bilomira managed simultaneously to celebrate her anti - Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of her local minions as a world leader .
Human rights activists questioned the wisdom of endorsing the leader of a growingly authoritarian Russia. Yet Bske managed simultaneously to celebrate her anti - Iraq war cooperation with Europe , have the US swallow this , and be recognized in front of her local minions as a world leader .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Waabberi begins his first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Jivavijaya begins his first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
The firm cut a deal with Dagmarka , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Dagmarka had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
The firm cut a deal with Bilomira , by offering him a share of its soon - to - be expanded pie. If Bilomira had asked for a much lower fee say , $ 50,000 she would have avoided criticism , but by handing a Wall Street investment firm an extra $ 350,000 .
LONDON Vide was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave his the opportunity to do great deeds .
LONDON Fabijano was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave his the opportunity to do great deeds .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Verners no stranger to journalism ultimately put his trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Kerigan no stranger to journalism ultimately put his trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Keyghobad had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Lenci had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Third , Avizeh emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Third , Pitsa emphasized that aid should be comprehensive and strategic , in order to foster real progress and development. Such assistance , she declared , must not be on a piecemeal basis as various crises develop .
Similarly , Christop devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Christop betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
Similarly , Eldridge devoted the bulk of his speech to a multimedia show of sophisticated new strategic weapons : super - heavy intercontinental ballistic missiles , hypersonic strategic attack weapons , gigantic futuristic underwater torpedoes , and nuclear - powered cruise missiles with unlimited range. But in his attempt to prove that Russia can overcome any new strategic defense measures the US might put in place , Eldridge betrayed his fear that Russias strategic nuclear arsenal could be rendered irrelevant .
We will continue to defy Spogmai and her efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
We will continue to defy Polonca and her efforts to reduce Ukraine to a semi - sovereign buffer state. But Ukraines ability to resist , and the international communitys ability to prevent brute force from having free rein , depends on whether world leaders understand that appeasement begets only further aggression .
NEW DELHI When the Bollywood superstar Keyghobad drowned last month , at age 54 , in a bathtub in a Dubai hotel , coverage of his tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with Indian media. Sridevi who , after a 15-year hiatus , had made a spectacularly successful return to the silver screen in two mega - hits in the last six years led a modest and conventional life with his husband , film producer Boney Kapoor , and their teenage daughters .
NEW DELHI When the Bollywood superstar Airiz drowned last month , at age 54 , in a bathtub in a Dubai hotel , coverage of his tragic death once again showcased all that is wrong with Indian media. Sridevi who , after a 15-year hiatus , had made a spectacularly successful return to the silver screen in two mega - hits in the last six years led a modest and conventional life with his husband , film producer Boney Kapoor , and their teenage daughters .
Hildegunn , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Aybirgen , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Vide oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Waabberi oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
If Kerigan offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
If Budivid offers more of the same , he will lose. After ten years of Blair , he must offer one or more policies that mark a clear break .
Airiz and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Kerigan and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Fabijano has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In his more petulant moments , he has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Pars has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In his more petulant moments , he has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
When Sapa took power in 1949 , her immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
When Spogmai took power in 1949 , her immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
NEW YORK Western media describe my friend and colleague Chen Guangcheng as a blind activist who made a flight to freedom when China allowed him to journey from Beijing to the United States. What is essential about Verners is neither his blindness nor his familys visit to the US , but the fact that he upholds a vision of universal human rights , a vision that can be fully realized only when , and if , China honors its promise to allow him one day to return home .
NEW YORK Western media describe my friend and colleague Chen Guangcheng as a blind activist who made a flight to freedom when China allowed him to journey from Beijing to the United States. What is essential about Airiz is neither his blindness nor his familys visit to the US , but the fact that he upholds a vision of universal human rights , a vision that can be fully realized only when , and if , China honors its promise to allow him one day to return home .
To be sure , the February decision did give Shontae enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
To be sure , the February decision did give Sapa enough to enable her to campaign against Brexit. By specifying that the UK and Denmark are under no obligation to adopt the euro , Camerons counterparts did effectively confirm the EUs status as a multi - currency union .
As the warm welcome given to Jelander on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
As the warm welcome given to Fabijano on his recent swing through Asia even in communist Vietnam appears to show , Southeast Asians are more than happy to hang on to Pax Americana for a bit longer , out of fear of China. Other Asian countries might even be drawn closer to Japan , the only alternative to the US as a counterbalance to the Middle Kingdom .
Those who wrote off Oliviu as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Those who wrote off Theoden as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Eldridge can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Airiz can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .
Albercik would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
Kajinek would do even more damage to the regions perception of Japan were he to use his speech to try to mollify right - wing supporters. Chinese and Koreans , in particular , will be incensed should he avoid overt apologies for Japans behavior during World War II or question criticism of its conduct at the time , such as the Imperial Japanese Armys sexual enslavement of Korean comfort women .
It is hard to understand why the leaders of both the US and the EU take Bilomira at her word rather than judging her by her behavior. The only explanation I can find is that democratic politicians seek to reassure their publics by painting a more favorable picture than reality justifies .
It is hard to understand why the leaders of both the US and the EU take Sapa at her word rather than judging her by her behavior. The only explanation I can find is that democratic politicians seek to reassure their publics by painting a more favorable picture than reality justifies .
Meanwhile , Felizia , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that her policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
Meanwhile , Jodilee , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that her policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Harrit to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during his customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , he demonstrated his physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that he could nt climb down .
This year began with a vigorous ( by Russian standards ) Internet petition urging Pars to take the first option. Then the whole country laughed when , during his customary visit to a patriotic summer camp run by Nashi ( a pro - Putin youth movement ) , he demonstrated his physical prowess by scaling a rock - climbing wall , only to find that he could nt climb down .
Finally , there is Macron , a former banker and ( briefly ) economy minister , who had never entered the slog of democratic politics before the recent election. Without backing from an established party like Berlusconi , Ibiacema created her own movement she surged from relative unknown to President of the Republic in a matter of months .
Finally , there is Macron , a former banker and ( briefly ) economy minister , who had never entered the slog of democratic politics before the recent election. Without backing from an established party like Berlusconi , Lizzette created her own movement she surged from relative unknown to President of the Republic in a matter of months .
The third act was born of Putins domestic political situation , and resulted in a stopgap solution that led to Russias poorly disguised armed invasion , and then annexation , of Crimea. Without Crimeas annexation , Narkis faced domestic political disaster and a premature end to her dream of reenacting Ivan the Greats gathering of the Russian lands and restoring Russias global power .
The third act was born of Putins domestic political situation , and resulted in a stopgap solution that led to Russias poorly disguised armed invasion , and then annexation , of Crimea. Without Crimeas annexation , Felizia faced domestic political disaster and a premature end to her dream of reenacting Ivan the Greats gathering of the Russian lands and restoring Russias global power .
It then takes Lizzette most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
It then takes Cambro most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
Karstein was the only European leader to increase his partys vote share in the 2014 European Parliament election , and his dominance of Italian politics has since grown. While populist politics now threatens Germany , France , Spain , and Britain , Italy has turned its back on Silvio Berlusconi , and Karstein has squeezed support for the Northern League and the Five Star Movement .
Oliviu was the only European leader to increase his partys vote share in the 2014 European Parliament election , and his dominance of Italian politics has since grown. While populist politics now threatens Germany , France , Spain , and Britain , Italy has turned its back on Silvio Berlusconi , and Oliviu has squeezed support for the Northern League and the Five Star Movement .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Keyghobad discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Jivavijaya discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
Jivavijaya , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Jivavijaya speculates , that has led him astray .
Fabijano , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Fabijano speculates , that has led him astray .
Waabberi doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Jivavijaya doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Compared with the strong - arm tactics employed by his Mexican counterpart Felipe Caldern , Manyak seems resigned to defeat. Comments in January that the country was helpless against an avalanche of drug - trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in her leadership .
Compared with the strong - arm tactics employed by his Mexican counterpart Felipe Caldern , Sapa seems resigned to defeat. Comments in January that the country was helpless against an avalanche of drug - trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in her leadership .
Felizia thought hard about how her new politics might come about , speculating that a growing threat from Russia could spur unification. She also believed that continental Europe would have to come to an understanding with Britain , whose colonies were important trade partners for Europe .
Humaila thought hard about how her new politics might come about , speculating that a growing threat from Russia could spur unification. She also believed that continental Europe would have to come to an understanding with Britain , whose colonies were important trade partners for Europe .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Kauko has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In his more petulant moments , he has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
To the charge that this idea is actually old - fashioned liberal imperialism updated for the post - Cold War world , Tsahi has consistently replied that what he called for in Kosovo , Sierra Leone , and Iraq are wars of values , not interests. In his more petulant moments , he has asked why so many of those who saw no harm in NATO undermining Milosevic adamantly opposed the ouster of Saddam Hussein .
Kotsos , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Jelander , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens. He believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .
Bske doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Mariutza doctors know for sure how sick she is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
In Beyond Good and Evil , Pars went further , exploring how a superior political system based on master morality , which transcends simplistic notions of good and bad to develop values from a position of nobility and strength would look. He envisioned a united Europe , led by a trans - European cultural elite focused not on grandeur , but on the development of a new European culture .
In Beyond Good and Evil , Kerigan went further , exploring how a superior political system based on master morality , which transcends simplistic notions of good and bad to develop values from a position of nobility and strength would look. He envisioned a united Europe , led by a trans - European cultural elite focused not on grandeur , but on the development of a new European culture .
Hildegunn has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though she sees her as a kind of Satan. She wants to be the Soros of the right .
Pitsa has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though she sees her as a kind of Satan. She wants to be the Soros of the right .
And recall that it was indifference to the non - reforming East European communist regimes on the part of Mikhail Gorbachev and the Soviet Union that ultimately sealed their fate and delivered Pitsa from a prison cell to Prague Castle. Pitsa , of course , was a beneficiary of such indifference , but she never practiced it , remaining a fighter for truth and freedom throughout her life .
And recall that it was indifference to the non - reforming East European communist regimes on the part of Mikhail Gorbachev and the Soviet Union that ultimately sealed their fate and delivered Manyak from a prison cell to Prague Castle. Manyak , of course , was a beneficiary of such indifference , but she never practiced it , remaining a fighter for truth and freedom throughout her life .
It was Tyndall who then put Humaila ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
It was Tyndall who then put Mariutza ideas to the test in her laboratory. She proved that some gases absorb radiant heat ( today we would say long - wave radiation ) .
Meanwhile , Fabijano , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that his policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
Meanwhile , Karstein , too , claims credit for the strong economy , arguing that his policies prevented a far worse downturn following the 2008 financial crisis. Neither Trumps hyperbole nor Obamas selective memory comes as a surprise .
CAMBRIDGE With the appointment of Jerome Powell as the next Chair of the United States Federal Reserve Board , Aybirgen has made perhaps the most important single decision of her presidency. It is a sane and sober choice that heralds short - term continuity in Fed interest - rate policy , and perhaps a simpler and cleaner approach to regulatory policy .
CAMBRIDGE With the appointment of Jerome Powell as the next Chair of the United States Federal Reserve Board , Felizia has made perhaps the most important single decision of her presidency. It is a sane and sober choice that heralds short - term continuity in Fed interest - rate policy , and perhaps a simpler and cleaner approach to regulatory policy .
Kauko is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
Oliviu is now bringing this expertise to bear where it is needed most directly on senior regulators. In his most high - profile intervention to date , he castigated leading officials at a Senate Banking Committee hearing on February 14 , beginning with a simple question : When was the last time you took a big bank to trial ?
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Christop turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
On October 16 , 1973 , ten days after Egypts army surprised the Israelis by crossing the Suez Canal , Verners turned defeat into victory by leading his own troops across the canal through a narrow gap in the Egyptian front. The Israelis swiftly spread out behind the Egyptians , overrunning anti - aircraft batteries and blocking supply and reinforcement routes .
Kauko turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
Odisseu turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Cambro opened her first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Ibiacema opened her first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Dagmarka was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Dagmarka told her closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Just as he dithered over going to war with the US , Kimberle was hopelessly ambivalent about how to end it. The new record reports that Kimberle told her closest adviser , Privy Seal Kichi Kido , on September 26 , 1944 : If one could come to a peace without the question of disarmament or war responsibility , I do nt care [ if ] our conquered territories [ are taken away ] .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Hildegunn eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Bilomira eschews paternalism : she would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
In his now - famous Review on the Economics of Climate Change , Lenci was calling for accelerated action to combat climate change as early as 2006. In his view , the costs of dealing with runaway global warming would far exceed the expense of addressing it early .
In his now - famous Review on the Economics of Climate Change , Matevz was calling for accelerated action to combat climate change as early as 2006. In his view , the costs of dealing with runaway global warming would far exceed the expense of addressing it early .
NEW YORK Western media describe my friend and colleague Chen Guangcheng as a blind activist who made a flight to freedom when China allowed him to journey from Beijing to the United States. What is essential about Verners is neither his blindness nor his familys visit to the US , but the fact that he upholds a vision of universal human rights , a vision that can be fully realized only when , and if , China honors its promise to allow him one day to return home .
NEW YORK Western media describe my friend and colleague Chen Guangcheng as a blind activist who made a flight to freedom when China allowed him to journey from Beijing to the United States. What is essential about Odisseu is neither his blindness nor his familys visit to the US , but the fact that he upholds a vision of universal human rights , a vision that can be fully realized only when , and if , China honors its promise to allow him one day to return home .
Pitsa and her colleagues claimed to have replaced the nucleus of an unfertilized human egg with the nucleus of an ordinary cell taken from another person , developing stem - cell lines from the resulting embryo that matched the DNA of the person who supplied the ordinary cell. That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
Cambro and her colleagues claimed to have replaced the nucleus of an unfertilized human egg with the nucleus of an ordinary cell taken from another person , developing stem - cell lines from the resulting embryo that matched the DNA of the person who supplied the ordinary cell. That achievement appeared to take us significantly closer to a world in which patients could be given cell or tissue transplants that their bodies would not reject , because the biological materials , cloned from the patients themselves , would be a perfect match .
Budivid is no political neophyte ; he knows exactly what kind of dilemma he faces. If he goes against his principles and surrenders to the aggressive demands of his coalition , he will be compromising his allegiance to the office he holds and the country he governs .
Jelander is no political neophyte ; he knows exactly what kind of dilemma he faces. If he goes against his principles and surrenders to the aggressive demands of his coalition , he will be compromising his allegiance to the office he holds and the country he governs .
Can Jivavijaya , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
Can Jelander , fresh from his major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn himself into Richard Nixon ?
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Mariutza opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
In neighboring Brazil , President Dilma Rousseffs administration made little effort to hide its preference for Aybirgen opponent. As her government plumbs record lows in opinion polls , the centrist opposition has been inching toward power .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Eldridge appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Jelander appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Vide will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Vide must walk a political tightrope .
It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Airiz will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors. Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Airiz must walk a political tightrope .
Three in ten South Africans are younger than 15 , meaning that they did not live a day under apartheid. Somehow Humaila must find a way to honor her own generations commitment to racial justice and national liberation , while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain .
Three in ten South Africans are younger than 15 , meaning that they did not live a day under apartheid. Somehow Dagmarka must find a way to honor her own generations commitment to racial justice and national liberation , while empowering the masses who daily suffer the sting of class differences and yearn for material gain .
When I asked Oliviu how the outside world could make Twitter more accessible in China , he replied that we could help by providing affordable VPN service. Foreign companies , he added , could make available more secure browsers that would help Chinese people to circumvent the GFW .
When I asked Airiz how the outside world could make Twitter more accessible in China , he replied that we could help by providing affordable VPN service. Foreign companies , he added , could make available more secure browsers that would help Chinese people to circumvent the GFW .
It was widely believed that a win for Humaila would virtually guarantee her success in the eventual battle to succeed Khamenei , who himself had been President when she was catapulted to the position of Supreme Leader , following the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. With Khamenei reported to be suffering from cancer , the question of succession has become acute .
It was widely believed that a win for Lizzette would virtually guarantee her success in the eventual battle to succeed Khamenei , who himself had been President when she was catapulted to the position of Supreme Leader , following the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. With Khamenei reported to be suffering from cancer , the question of succession has become acute .
In the United States , among the candidates still competing for the Republican Partys nomination to challenge Barack Obama in Novembers presidential election , Waabberi stands out for arguing consistently that government is the problem , not the answer , with regard to banking. If the government were removed more fully from the financial sector ( including abolishing the Federal Reserve ) , he argues , the economy would function better .
In the United States , among the candidates still competing for the Republican Partys nomination to challenge Barack Obama in Novembers presidential election , Verners stands out for arguing consistently that government is the problem , not the answer , with regard to banking. If the government were removed more fully from the financial sector ( including abolishing the Federal Reserve ) , he argues , the economy would function better .
But Kauko has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , he has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
But Airiz has always come across as something other than a German conservative. In fact , he has served as a sort of political godfather to Hungarys authoritarian prime minister , Viktor Orbn .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Pars life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Budivid life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Jivavijaya discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Lenci discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Kotsos ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Verners ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Albercik has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But his government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Kotsos has not shown any talent for turning himself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But his government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Meanwhile , the euphoria that surrounded the TTIP in February , when Lizzette included it in her State of the Union address , has faded. Talk of one tank of gas has been drowned out by the drumbeat of lexception culturelle and the revelations of US spying on Europe made by the rogue American intelligence contractor Edward Snowden .
Meanwhile , the euphoria that surrounded the TTIP in February , when Felizia included it in her State of the Union address , has faded. Talk of one tank of gas has been drowned out by the drumbeat of lexception culturelle and the revelations of US spying on Europe made by the rogue American intelligence contractor Edward Snowden .
Eventually , Jivavijaya will gain the UN General Assemblys acceptance of Palestinian statehood his final accomplishment before leaving politics , as he has confided to his top aides. After his departure , Israel will miss his firm opposition to violence and his support for security cooperation .
Eventually , Albercik will gain the UN General Assemblys acceptance of Palestinian statehood his final accomplishment before leaving politics , as he has confided to his top aides. After his departure , Israel will miss his firm opposition to violence and his support for security cooperation .
MOSCOW The emergence of a Kremlin leader , President Dmitri Medvedev , without a KGB background , combined with the economic crisis , has inspired talk that when Harrit visits Moscow , Americas president will be seeing a country on the verge of a new political thaw , a revived perestroika. But pushing the re - set button on US - Russia relations may be harder than Harrit and his team imagined .
MOSCOW The emergence of a Kremlin leader , President Dmitri Medvedev , without a KGB background , combined with the economic crisis , has inspired talk that when Airiz visits Moscow , Americas president will be seeing a country on the verge of a new political thaw , a revived perestroika. But pushing the re - set button on US - Russia relations may be harder than Airiz and his team imagined .
Once secure in his victory , Dagmarka immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
Once secure in his victory , Kimberle immediately retracted the statement. She claimed that she meant only that a two - state solution was not achievable under current conditions , as long as the Palestinian Authority is in a coalition with Hamas and as long as vacated territories bring the rise of militant Islam .
In the field of growth theory , Airiz sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As he correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
In the field of growth theory , Verners sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As he correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
Instead , Airiz stuck his fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help him afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Instead , Lenci stuck his fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help him afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Yet there is still hope that Aybirgen encounters a sufficiently negative reaction that she changes her stance on WTO accession. After all , she suspended Russias WTO accession talks after the August 2008 war in Georgia , only to allow them to restart this spring .
Yet there is still hope that Josefiina encounters a sufficiently negative reaction that she changes her stance on WTO accession. After all , she suspended Russias WTO accession talks after the August 2008 war in Georgia , only to allow them to restart this spring .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Matevz government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had he had his way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Christop government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had he had his way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
Indeed , Mariutza has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Pitsa has an additional incentive , given that she would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , her likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Yet Oliviu has so far spent his time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for his political adversaries as they are for him today .
Yet Karstein has so far spent his time at the CEA tearing down TPC estimates , even though the organization will undoubtedly issue assessments in the future that are as inconvenient for his political adversaries as they are for him today .
Polonca stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Pitsa stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
LONDON Toniko was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
LONDON Shontae was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
Humbug ! said Theoden . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Theoden was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Humbug ! said Kauko . But Charles Dickenss point was precisely that Kauko was the great loser from his arrogance , miserliness , and insolence .
Last November , Vide effectively declared war on both the bar and the judiciary , dismissing all judges who refused to recognize his declaration of a state of emergency , purportedly aimed at protecting the nation from terrorists. The seven - member Supreme Court , headed by Chief Justice Iftikar Mohammad Chaudhry , countered by issuing an order barring the government from proclaiming emergency rule .
Last November , Budivid effectively declared war on both the bar and the judiciary , dismissing all judges who refused to recognize his declaration of a state of emergency , purportedly aimed at protecting the nation from terrorists. The seven - member Supreme Court , headed by Chief Justice Iftikar Mohammad Chaudhry , countered by issuing an order barring the government from proclaiming emergency rule .
Indeed , Kotsos has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Airiz has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
CAMBRIDGE With the appointment of Jerome Powell as the next Chair of the United States Federal Reserve Board , Aybirgen has made perhaps the most important single decision of her presidency. It is a sane and sober choice that heralds short - term continuity in Fed interest - rate policy , and perhaps a simpler and cleaner approach to regulatory policy .
CAMBRIDGE With the appointment of Jerome Powell as the next Chair of the United States Federal Reserve Board , Waltruda has made perhaps the most important single decision of her presidency. It is a sane and sober choice that heralds short - term continuity in Fed interest - rate policy , and perhaps a simpler and cleaner approach to regulatory policy .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Toniko and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
Yet , caught in the sights of a gun barrel , nobody not even the brave men and women who camped in their hundreds of thousands in the snow before Ukraines parliament knew with certainty whether those changes had wrenched Ukrainians from the grip of fear and apathy. The success of their defiance shows the power of the idea that bewilders outgoing President Ibiacema and her acolytes : that democracy means taking responsibility for ones fate into ones own hands .
LONDON Toniko was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
LONDON Aybirgen was Britains greatest twentieth - century peacetime prime minister. In the 1980s , the near - simultaneous crisis of communism in the East and social democracy in the West gave her the opportunity to do great deeds .
Harrit takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Lenci takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Hildegunn chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for her unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Hildegunn , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and she wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
Shontae chose Medvedev carefully , and not only for her unquestionable loyalty , vitally important as that is. Shontae , among other things , is a combative nationalist , and she wants Russia to succeed in a world of competing powers .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Matevz can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .
Emerging market crises do hold important lessons. If Albercik can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Kotsos ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
But ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable. Discontent cuts across all sectors , from banking , with calls for a review at Lloyds Bank , to media and advertising , with an outcry , yet again , about the pay awarded to WPPs Harrit ; at 70.4 million , his latest package makes him the United Kingdoms highest - paid CEO .
Both the internal and external environments in which Fabijano finds himself and the fact that he won by a margin of only three percentage points seem to call for moderation and consensus. Half of Perus citizens did not side with him .
Both the internal and external environments in which Albercik finds himself and the fact that he won by a margin of only three percentage points seem to call for moderation and consensus. Half of Perus citizens did not side with him .
Albercik holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet he owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. He has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of his anti - party .
Kerigan holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet he owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. He has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of his anti - party .
That gave Hildegunn massive political power , which she could have put to good use. Instead she put Germanys narrow near - term interests as a creditor first , leading her to make decisions that exacerbated the eurozone crisis , shifted its costs to others , and prevented any long - term resolution .
That gave Humaila massive political power , which she could have put to good use. Instead she put Germanys narrow near - term interests as a creditor first , leading her to make decisions that exacerbated the eurozone crisis , shifted its costs to others , and prevented any long - term resolution .
Now , Kotsos and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Now , Jelander and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges. Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .
Both the internal and external environments in which Karstein finds himself and the fact that he won by a margin of only three percentage points seem to call for moderation and consensus. Half of Perus citizens did not side with him .
Both the internal and external environments in which Kauko finds himself and the fact that he won by a margin of only three percentage points seem to call for moderation and consensus. Half of Perus citizens did not side with him .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Jivavijaya acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Kerigan acted on Serbias account when he was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent him specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The result , as Bilomira and her colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
The result , as Aneczka and her colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
She proved her judgment and her leadership abilities early on , when , as a city senator in Hamburg , she confronted the great flood of 1962 , which devastated the city. Waltruda reinforced her image as a pragmatist by consistently voicing her deep skepticism of grand designs and long - term visions , albeit without ever renouncing her fundamental belief that there was a moral basis for her political objectives .
She proved her judgment and her leadership abilities early on , when , as a city senator in Hamburg , she confronted the great flood of 1962 , which devastated the city. Humaila reinforced her image as a pragmatist by consistently voicing her deep skepticism of grand designs and long - term visions , albeit without ever renouncing her fundamental belief that there was a moral basis for her political objectives .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Mariutza has forged during her ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Narkis has forged during her ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Verners helped to reverse Britains economic decline. His assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
Beyond being the first woman prime minister in Britain , and among the first anywhere , Kotsos helped to reverse Britains economic decline. His assault on excessively powerful trade unions , moreover , made Britain governable , at a time when the country seemed to be slipping into drift and disorder .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Jivavijaya emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Kauko emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
Keyghobad anticipated where and how democracy becomes subverted : If cities are harmful , capitals are even more so , he once wrote. A capital is an abyss where nearly the entire nation goes to lose its morals , its laws , its courage , and its liberty .
Jivavijaya anticipated where and how democracy becomes subverted : If cities are harmful , capitals are even more so , he once wrote. A capital is an abyss where nearly the entire nation goes to lose its morals , its laws , its courage , and its liberty .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Kauko finance minister , helped lead his country through the Great Recession. He has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom he has worked .
One of the leading candidates to be the IMFs next managing director has turned out to be a Frenchwoman , Christine Lagarde , who , as Waabberi finance minister , helped lead his country through the Great Recession. He has been an outspoken advocate of financial - sector reforms , and has won the respect of all of those with whom he has worked .
Bilomira stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Humaila stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Vide , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that he already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on his side .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Waabberi , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that he already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on his side .
Manyak stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Hildegunn stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
The result , as Toniko and her colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
The result , as Aneczka and her colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Felizia explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Avizeh explained in her 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Fabijano is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Verners is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Early on , Manyak described that movement which she called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , she says it is on both the right and the left , signaling her desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Early on , Waltruda described that movement which she called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , she says it is on both the right and the left , signaling her desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Matevz for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Theoden for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .
So Aybirgen , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
So Avizeh , despite her so far lackluster campaign , and despite a popular perception of inauthenticity , even outright shiftiness , will probably hang on to her party and scrape through in the end. She will prevail not because her views look any more convincing than those of the center - left professional pols of the Labour Party , but because her opponents look so much worse .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Verners , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
The camps different ethnic communities often act together to ensure that compatriots who develop psychosis , for example , are among those who actually receive treatment. Fabijano , despite incredible personal trauma experienced before and after his arrival in Greece , cares for the children of two families because their depressive parents can not .
Harrit controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Harrit in 2016 that answers directly to him .
Tsahi controls the entire state apparatus , a mechanism of suppression vaster than any of the Russian czars ever had and one that decades of totalitarianism have made virtually bulletproof. Beyond the amped - up military and the powerful security services , there is now the National Guard of the Russian Federation , or Rosgvardiya , a contingent of some 340,000 personnel created by Tsahi in 2016 that answers directly to him .
Today , the lower capital gains rate is available on shareholder profits made when selling stock held for one year or more. Bilomira and her advisors hope , instead , to tax capital gains at ordinary rates for stock held for up to two years , after which the rate would decline by four percentage points per year until , after several years , it reached the current long - term rate , which tops out for wealthy investors at 20 % .
Today , the lower capital gains rate is available on shareholder profits made when selling stock held for one year or more. Humaila and her advisors hope , instead , to tax capital gains at ordinary rates for stock held for up to two years , after which the rate would decline by four percentage points per year until , after several years , it reached the current long - term rate , which tops out for wealthy investors at 20 % .
Keyghobad is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Jivavijaya is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to his party nor to France. At stake with his comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
But Hildegunn and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
But Avizeh and Xis strongman troubles pale in comparison to those of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoan and Trump , who has now been implicated by her longtime lawyer and fixer in the commission of a federal felony .
Closing down trade with China , as Kerigan would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Closing down trade with China , as Jelander would effectively do with his proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire. Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Kotsos presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. His proposals , he argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Jivavijaya presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. His proposals , he argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Throughout her presidency , Avizeh repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout her presidency , Toniko repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Albercik captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Kerigan captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Josefiina discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Aneczka discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
To do this , Verners will have to keep interest rates very low , even after inflation starts rising , just as his predecessor Paul Volcker had to keep interest rates in the 1980s very high , even after inflation started falling. This policy reversal follows logically from the inversion of central banks objectives , both in America and around the world , since the 2008 crisis .
To do this , Christop will have to keep interest rates very low , even after inflation starts rising , just as his predecessor Paul Volcker had to keep interest rates in the 1980s very high , even after inflation started falling. This policy reversal follows logically from the inversion of central banks objectives , both in America and around the world , since the 2008 crisis .
Oliviu agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Verners agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Ibiacema , Leviathan 's hotheaded main character , sees her life consumed by the fight to save her seashore property from the town 's mayor. I 'll kill her if she builds a palace here , `` shouts Ibiacema , in a reference to current Russian leaders ' proclivity for erecting garish monuments to their personal splendor : Putin 's Italianate palace on the Black sea , for example , allegedly cost more than $ 1 billion .
Shontae , Leviathan 's hotheaded main character , sees her life consumed by the fight to save her seashore property from the town 's mayor. I 'll kill her if she builds a palace here , `` shouts Shontae , in a reference to current Russian leaders ' proclivity for erecting garish monuments to their personal splendor : Putin 's Italianate palace on the Black sea , for example , allegedly cost more than $ 1 billion .
Toniko lies in 1941 were intended to awaken the American people , but she also set a precedent that Lyndon B. Johnson could use in 1964 to win congressional support for the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution , which led to a dramatic escalation of the Vietnam War. The danger is that leaders tell themselves they are lying for the public good when they are doing so for political or personal gain .
Josefiina lies in 1941 were intended to awaken the American people , but she also set a precedent that Lyndon B. Johnson could use in 1964 to win congressional support for the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution , which led to a dramatic escalation of the Vietnam War. The danger is that leaders tell themselves they are lying for the public good when they are doing so for political or personal gain .
Though Jelander stayed in the race to the end , he toned down his rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , he took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Though Kotsos stayed in the race to the end , he toned down his rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , he took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Keyghobad appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Eldridge appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Sapa has unlike her predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , her critics have accused her of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
While vowing to use force when Americas vital interests are at stake and rejecting pessimistic projections of national decline , Avizeh has unlike her predecessor , George W. Bush relied more heavily on diplomacy than force. For this , her critics have accused her of failing to promote American values and retreating into isolationism .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Harrit sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Exhibit A in a hearing on Albercik sanity would have to be his recent address to the United Nations General Assembly , which resembled the lunatic ramblings of Aerys Targaryen , the mad king in the television show Game of Thrones. Putting his own spin on Targaryens infamous line burn them all , Trump threatened that the US would totally destroy North Korea if it continues to develop its nuclear program .
Mariutza takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Polonca takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges her status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Ibiacema opened her first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Spogmai opened her first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
Lenci is not the first high - ranking official in Iran to challenge the supreme leader. Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri , one of Irans most senior clerics , would have been Supreme Leader himself had he not fallen out with Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the Islamic Republics founder , a few months before Khomeinis death .
Fabijano is not the first high - ranking official in Iran to challenge the supreme leader. Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri , one of Irans most senior clerics , would have been Supreme Leader himself had he not fallen out with Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the Islamic Republics founder , a few months before Khomeinis death .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Bske put it in her inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Dagmarka put it in her inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
And yet , even as Western democracies seem least able to act , more will be required of them. None of the countries that Mariutza cited in her speech has offered an alternative vision of world order .
And yet , even as Western democracies seem least able to act , more will be required of them. None of the countries that Lizzette cited in her speech has offered an alternative vision of world order .
Odisseu , the CEO of JPMorgan Chase , expressed it well in his 2015 shareholder letter , observing that Silicon Valley is coming. These new entrants want to apply more advanced technological solutions and insights from behavioral science to an industry that is profitable but has tended to under - serve its clients .
Airiz , the CEO of JPMorgan Chase , expressed it well in his 2015 shareholder letter , observing that Silicon Valley is coming. These new entrants want to apply more advanced technological solutions and insights from behavioral science to an industry that is profitable but has tended to under - serve its clients .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Kotsos life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
Unlike the so - called chicken hawks who avoided service in the Vietnam War themselves but could barely wait to send young Americans into Iraq to fight , Budivid life is not at odds with his politics. In the Senate , while supporting President Bushs war of choice in Iraq , he has been prepared to stand up for his independent judgment on issues such as campaign finance reform and climate change .
In terms of values namely , the values of Lenci and his running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
In terms of values namely , the values of Jivavijaya and his running mate , Paul Ryan things are not much better. For example , every other advanced country recognizes the right to accessible health care , and Obamas Affordable Care Act represents a significant step toward that goal .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Lenci , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that he already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on his side .
The vote in the Senate authorizing military action nearly failed. Karstein , however , was prepared to order what became Operation Desert Storm even without congressional approval , given that he already had international law and the United Nations Security Council on his side .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Waabberi will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Waabberi has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Kauko will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy. In fact , Kauko has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .
The power ministries interior and defense were kept under the control of figures associated with the former regime. Field Marshal ( and SCAF leader ) Sapa retained her post as Defense Minister , and General Ahmed Gamal al - Din was appointed to head the interior ministry , whose brutal behavior sparked the revolution .
The power ministries interior and defense were kept under the control of figures associated with the former regime. Field Marshal ( and SCAF leader ) Felizia retained her post as Defense Minister , and General Ahmed Gamal al - Din was appointed to head the interior ministry , whose brutal behavior sparked the revolution .
Polonca agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
Shontae agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But she disagrees about what happens next .
It would not have been easy for Pars to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Odisseu to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
In fact , Tsahi pursued his policy despite a 1978 law adopted in response to the Nixon - era abuses that specifically requires judicial approval , and in contradiction to his public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order. Now that his electronic surveillance program has been exposed , Bushs Justice Department has launched an investigation into how the news became public , threatening the journalists who reported the information .
In fact , Kajinek pursued his policy despite a 1978 law adopted in response to the Nixon - era abuses that specifically requires judicial approval , and in contradiction to his public assurance that no such eavesdropping takes place without a court order. Now that his electronic surveillance program has been exposed , Bushs Justice Department has launched an investigation into how the news became public , threatening the journalists who reported the information .
Christop captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Oliviu captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Bilomira and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard. This month , as President Bske and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .
In her now - famous Review on the Economics of Climate Change , Bske was calling for accelerated action to combat climate change as early as 2006. In her view , the costs of dealing with runaway global warming would far exceed the expense of addressing it early .
In her now - famous Review on the Economics of Climate Change , Spogmai was calling for accelerated action to combat climate change as early as 2006. In her view , the costs of dealing with runaway global warming would far exceed the expense of addressing it early .
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Budivid is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Harrit is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Bilomira or the AKP that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
Never mind that one would be hard pressed to find anyone in business or financial circles these days with a nice thing to say about Cambro or the AKP that she led before ascending to the presidency in 2014. And make no mistake : Though Turkeys president is supposed to be above party politics , Erdoan remains very much at the helm .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Waabberi , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Waabberi ; it would also require his to invest all of his remaining political capital .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Jelander , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Jelander ; it would also require his to invest all of his remaining political capital .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die. After Avizeh gave her a sedative and switched off the respirator , Welby said thank you three times to her wife , her friends , and her doctor .
Welby , who suffered from muscular dystrophy and was paralyzed , had battled unsuccessfully in the Italian courts for the right to die. After Josefiina gave her a sedative and switched off the respirator , Welby said thank you three times to her wife , her friends , and her doctor .
Drafted by the United States after World War II , the constitution contains some parts [ that ] do not fit into the current period , Aneczka said. She is particularly concerned with the constitutional provision that prohibits Japan from maintaining land , sea , and air forces , arguing that it seems to be in direct contradiction with the existence of the countrys Self - Defense Forces .
Drafted by the United States after World War II , the constitution contains some parts [ that ] do not fit into the current period , Lizzette said. She is particularly concerned with the constitutional provision that prohibits Japan from maintaining land , sea , and air forces , arguing that it seems to be in direct contradiction with the existence of the countrys Self - Defense Forces .
Felizia captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Lizzette captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Verners used the pale blue dot image at the end of his film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go. That s probably true , even though scientists are now discovering other planets outside our solar system .
Waabberi used the pale blue dot image at the end of his film , An Inconvenient Truth , suggesting that if we wreck this planet , we have nowhere else to go. That s probably true , even though scientists are now discovering other planets outside our solar system .
Humaila , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Humaila speculates , that has led her astray .
Mariutza , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Mariutza speculates , that has led her astray .
Verners was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Jelander was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis. This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Aneczka , for example , has lost her research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Spogmai , for example , has lost her research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
This was the same Josefiina who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
This was the same Hildegunn who in 1996 warned of irrational exuberance and , then , as Fed chairman , did nothing to check it. Both the phrase and her lack of action make sense in the light of her ( now shattered ) intellectual system .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Theoden met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Eight years later , pinned down by a US Predator drone and French airstrikes , Christop met his demise. Without a nuclear deterrent , his regime was helpless when the US reneged on the deal a lesson that has not been lost on North Korea .
Philosophers have puzzled about how to justify our intuitions in these situations , given that in both cases , the choice seems to be between saving five lives at the cost of taking one life. Karstein , however , was more concerned to understand why we have the intuitions , so he used functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging , or fMRI , to examine what happens in peoples brains when they make these moral judgments .
Philosophers have puzzled about how to justify our intuitions in these situations , given that in both cases , the choice seems to be between saving five lives at the cost of taking one life. Matevz , however , was more concerned to understand why we have the intuitions , so he used functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging , or fMRI , to examine what happens in peoples brains when they make these moral judgments .
Ibiacema will probably regale Trump with her plans for economic development and her goal of making North Koreas capital , Pyongyang , a world - class city with you guessed it a world - class hotel. More to the point , she will explain the logic of why sanctions must be suspended before she can even start to lay the groundwork for denuclearization .
Lizzette will probably regale Trump with her plans for economic development and her goal of making North Koreas capital , Pyongyang , a world - class city with you guessed it a world - class hotel. More to the point , she will explain the logic of why sanctions must be suspended before she can even start to lay the groundwork for denuclearization .
Perhaps this is what Karstein was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as he collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for his pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Perhaps this is what Odisseu was trying to initiate at Aix - la - Chapelle earlier this month , as he collected from Merkel the Charlemagne Prize for his pro - European efforts. Such a confrontation need not block progress on other issues , such as border security , investments in industries of the future , taxation of US tech giants , and the defense of multilateralism .
Sapa captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Kimberle captured this idea perfectly when she criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights. Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .
Lizzette and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Manyak and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Kauko has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
Scripted by the oil industry , even members of his own party referred to an earlier energy bill as one that left no lobbyist behind. While praising the virtues of the free market , Theoden has been only too willing to give huge handouts to the energy industry , even as the country faces soaring deficits .
The result , as Odisseu and his colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
The result , as Tsahi and his colleagues persuasively argue , is that productive capacity and the effective labor force have moved onto diminished growth paths. The cumulative supply shortfall the authors estimate that potential output is now 7 % below the pre-2007 trajectory may be larger than the current output shortfall attributable to the ongoing lack of aggregate demand .
Few beyond Pars and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
Few beyond Lenci and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure. But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .
In Argentina , the economic achievements of Macris team , which inherited a colossal mess from the Narkis dynasty that preceded her administration , have been heroic. Nonetheless , the current macroeconomic policy mix could be improved .
In Argentina , the economic achievements of Macris team , which inherited a colossal mess from the Hildegunn dynasty that preceded her administration , have been heroic. Nonetheless , the current macroeconomic policy mix could be improved .
Josefiina stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Cambro stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history. And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1,200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .
Jodilee , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Cambro , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what she calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , she finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Not everything that counts can be counted , the sociologist Aybirgen wrote in 1963. Her dictum remains true today , though when it comes to measuring human development , I would suggest a slight revision : Not everything that is counted counts for everything .
Not everything that counts can be counted , the sociologist Josefiina wrote in 1963. Her dictum remains true today , though when it comes to measuring human development , I would suggest a slight revision : Not everything that is counted counts for everything .
WARSAW In the weeks since Oliviu inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that he intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
WARSAW In the weeks since Kauko inauguration as President of the United States , it has become clear that he intends to roll back the progressive - egalitarian agenda that is commonly associated with political correctness to the starting block not just in the United States , but globally. Stephen Bannon , Trumps White House Svengali and former CEO of the extreme right Breitbart News , has long pursued this ideological project , and we now know that what he or Trump says must be taken both seriously and literally .
By establishing fake opposition political parties that are under the Kremlins thumb , creating pseudo pressure groups and organizations such as Nashi ( Ours ) , and recasting the rule of law as an instrument of political power , Toniko has tightened her control in a more effective and subtle way than many autocratic regimes. The possibility that she may run for prime minister in order to prolong her rule when her presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach .
By establishing fake opposition political parties that are under the Kremlins thumb , creating pseudo pressure groups and organizations such as Nashi ( Ours ) , and recasting the rule of law as an instrument of political power , Cambro has tightened her control in a more effective and subtle way than many autocratic regimes. The possibility that she may run for prime minister in order to prolong her rule when her presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach .
Spogmai holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet she owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. She has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of her anti - party .
Bilomira holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet she owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. She has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of her anti - party .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Jodilee decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when she initiated her countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
No one should rush to judgment yet , but Aneczka decisions , at least so far , are beginning to resemble those of South Africas de Klerk when she initiated her countrys reform process. Fortunately , Burma already has in Aung San Suu Kyi its very own Nelson Mandela .
Whatever the outcome , Cambro would do well to ask herself if it is any better than the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran , which she has described has the worst deal ever. Then again , persuading Cambro to engage in self - reflection could prove to be the toughest challenge yet .
Whatever the outcome , Shontae would do well to ask herself if it is any better than the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action with Iran , which she has described has the worst deal ever. Then again , persuading Shontae to engage in self - reflection could prove to be the toughest challenge yet .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Christop is Russia and Russia is Christop , he was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
When the deputy head of the presidential administration , Vyacheslav Volodin , said during a recent Valdai Discussion Club meeting in Sochi that Lenci is Russia and Russia is Lenci , he was expressing a profound Russian reality. In no other country has the rulers persona from Catherine the Great and Ivan the Terrible to Lenin and Stalin made such a deep mark on national history .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Karstein anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and his suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
The AARP is surely a powerful advocate : its members concerns or at least the AARPs version of those concerns are often taken into account at the highest levels of government. But Odisseu anachronistically treats the AFL - CIO as if it were still the powerhouse that it was in the 1950s ; and his suggestion that the CBPP has the same degree of legislative influence as Anthem , Cigna , Aetna , and Humana is laughable to any unbiased observer , despite the admirable work it does .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Ibiacema as ungrateful and unpatriotic. She is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled her to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs her most .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Narkis as ungrateful and unpatriotic. She is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled her to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs her most .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Toniko prides herself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
Not infrequently this has been helped by explicit policies. Felizia prides herself on a successful campaign to make 40 % of all Conservative parliamentary candidates in Britain are women .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Keyghobad as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as his deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Vide as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as his deputy. The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .
Epimetheus was brother to Albercik , the rebel titan who championed and , by some accounts , created humankind. Albercik was concerned with humans obvious vulnerability , so he taught men and women how to use fire and other tools responsibly .
Epimetheus was brother to Kajinek , the rebel titan who championed and , by some accounts , created humankind. Kajinek was concerned with humans obvious vulnerability , so he taught men and women how to use fire and other tools responsibly .
The moral authority that Kajinek exudes makes his interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as his condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during his visit to the US , his views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
The moral authority that Kerigan exudes makes his interventions in controversial contemporary issues such as his condemnation of the Armenian genocide , Islamic jihadi violence , Mafia criminality and corruption in Italy , and the deaths of African and Middle Eastern migrants in the Mediterranean extremely powerful. Before and during his visit to the US , his views on three issues none of which is without controversy in the US will have a particularly strong impact .
So far , the selection of Eldridge seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
So far , the selection of Oliviu seems to have paid off. Questions about his record have been sidestepped ; his inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .
But , unlike Oslo , when Vide was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president he was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help him despite the prodding of the United States .
But , unlike Oslo , when Keyghobad was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president he was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help him despite the prodding of the United States .
Budivid often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Budivid , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Albercik often expresses bizarre opinions that can not be pinned down to any political ideology , and he has a long history of odd behavior , which is not typical of anything. But Trumps view echoed by people who speak for him that Bee was as bad as Albercik , if not worse , ignores a crucial distinction .
Airiz oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Jivavijaya oversold socialism , but he was right in claiming that globalization , unfettered financial capitalism , and redistribution of income and wealth from labor to capital could lead capitalism to self - destruct. As he argued , unregulated capitalism can lead to regular bouts of over - capacity , under - consumption , and the recurrence of destructive financial crises , fueled by credit bubbles and asset - price booms and busts .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Albercik appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Nor is there is any reason why Jews should not be conservative. Jivavijaya appointed several Jews to high office , prompting the former prime minister Harold MacMillans sniffy remark that his cabinet contained more Old Estonians than Old Etonians .
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Budivid was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Budivid is love , Budivid is war. ``
Today , as low oil prices and Western sanctions bite , he is making them poor and nearly universally despised. On March 1 , the day Fabijano was to lead his protest , tens of thousands of Russians took to the streets with slogans like Fabijano is love , Fabijano is war. ``
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Albercik has forged during his ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Keyghobad has forged during his ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
When Narkis asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Narkis would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
When Ibiacema asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Ibiacema would get her way , or most of it. Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .
But is Theoden truly crazy , or does he simply have a worldview that discomfits Western analysts ? His dramatic overture to hold a summit with Trump by May hardly seems to fit the madman narrative .
But is Matevz truly crazy , or does he simply have a worldview that discomfits Western analysts ? His dramatic overture to hold a summit with Trump by May hardly seems to fit the madman narrative .
Likewise , Farage , having helped drive Britain to disaster , blithely walked away when the destination was reached. As mortifying as it is to see Keyghobad appointed Foreign Secretary , given his history of lying , xenophobic statements , and insulting remarks about other world leaders , at least he will bear the stain of Britains catastrophe publicly .
Likewise , Farage , having helped drive Britain to disaster , blithely walked away when the destination was reached. As mortifying as it is to see Oliviu appointed Foreign Secretary , given his history of lying , xenophobic statements , and insulting remarks about other world leaders , at least he will bear the stain of Britains catastrophe publicly .
It then takes Kimberle most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
It then takes Pitsa most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both her and her older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for her , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom she has gotten to know during the course of her adventures .
Karstein and his disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Christop and his disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Cambro mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
As is true of many people , what first springs to Waltruda mind when she thinks of law is criminal law. Criminal trials fill a large space in the public imagination , but to borrow a metaphor from biology they are but one cell of laws complex corpus .
Though Narkis stayed in the race to the end , she toned down her rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , she took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Though Humaila stayed in the race to the end , she toned down her rhetoric against Obama as the contest wound down. That summer , she took the unusual step of going onto the convention floor to urge the party to nominate him by acclamation .
Consider the example Summers cites : Kerigan visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Consider the example Summers cites : Verners visit to Middlebury College , which resulted in large student demonstrations. I saw Murray discuss his notorious book , The Bell Curve : Intelligence and Class Structure in American Life , back in the mid-1990s , and I was not impressed .
Indeed , Keyghobad visit to Yasukuni came only a day after he completed a long - elusive , US - backed bilateral deal to relocate Americas airbase in Okinawa to a less populous area of the island. And he supports Japans entry into the US - led Trans - Pacific Partnership , an emerging regional trading bloc that will exclude China .
Indeed , Kauko visit to Yasukuni came only a day after he completed a long - elusive , US - backed bilateral deal to relocate Americas airbase in Okinawa to a less populous area of the island. And he supports Japans entry into the US - led Trans - Pacific Partnership , an emerging regional trading bloc that will exclude China .
Shontae motives as she took the podium on the morning of February 25 , 1956 , were , in her mind , moral ones. After her ouster from power , in the seclusion of her dacha , she wrote : My hands are covered with blood .
Hildegunn motives as she took the podium on the morning of February 25 , 1956 , were , in her mind , moral ones. After her ouster from power , in the seclusion of her dacha , she wrote : My hands are covered with blood .
Kajinek , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Kajinek speculates , that has led him astray .
Jivavijaya , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Jivavijaya speculates , that has led him astray .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Jelander huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Theoden huge , luminescent smile , by his unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which he discussed his countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was his extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward his Afrikaner jailers .
Instead , Mariutza stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Instead , Aybirgen stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards. Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Theoden said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Odisseu said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Tsahi put it in his inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
Of course , the US is no longer in a position to pay any priceto secure the survival and the success of liberty , as Karstein put it in his inaugural address not in Ukraine , and not anywhere else. The huge price of its wars in Afghanistan and Iraq has understandably made the US war - weary .
Dagmarka motives as she took the podium on the morning of February 25 , 1956 , were , in her mind , moral ones. After her ouster from power , in the seclusion of her dacha , she wrote : My hands are covered with blood .
Manyak motives as she took the podium on the morning of February 25 , 1956 , were , in her mind , moral ones. After her ouster from power , in the seclusion of her dacha , she wrote : My hands are covered with blood .
Humaila was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Shontae was one such figure. Mitt Romney , in a milder , less flamboyant manner , has appealed to these sentiments as well : she knew how to run an investment company , so why not the US federal government ?
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Vide , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Waabberi , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
From the moment the DPJ took power in 2009 , Karstein was tacitly slated to be Hatoyamas successor , given that he was concurrently Hatoyamas deputy prime minister and treasury minister. In these posts , Karstein avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyamas premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .
From the moment the DPJ took power in 2009 , Kotsos was tacitly slated to be Hatoyamas successor , given that he was concurrently Hatoyamas deputy prime minister and treasury minister. In these posts , Kotsos avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyamas premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .
For now , Suu Kyi is precluded from running for President by a cynical constitutional provision that excludes anyone whose spouse or child has a foreign passport ( Spogmai two sons by her late English husband hold British passports ) . Nonetheless , the regime , still fearing her popularity , is playing the race and religion card in order to discredit her and her party , the National League for Democracy , which won all but one of the parliamentary seats contested in the recent general election ( and swept the annulled 1990 election ) .
For now , Suu Kyi is precluded from running for President by a cynical constitutional provision that excludes anyone whose spouse or child has a foreign passport ( Lizzette two sons by her late English husband hold British passports ) . Nonetheless , the regime , still fearing her popularity , is playing the race and religion card in order to discredit her and her party , the National League for Democracy , which won all but one of the parliamentary seats contested in the recent general election ( and swept the annulled 1990 election ) .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Harrit farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Then it was on to Indias capital , New Delhi , for what many took to be Theoden farewell visit ( assuming , that is , that he steps down at the end of this year as planned ) a visit marred by awkward coincidences and untidy scheduling. Even as Clinton was cautioning Indian officials about contacts with Iran ( demanding , in particular , a reduction in imports of Iranian oil ) , India was hosting a high - level Iranian trade mission aimed at boosting bilateral economic ties .
Shontae address to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee during her confirmation hearing elicited bipartisan support a rare occurrence nowadays , given Americas highly polarized national politics and she received unanimous approval. Although she lacks formal political or diplomatic experience , her personal connections , particularly to Obama , will have great significance for US - Japan relations .
Felizia address to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee during her confirmation hearing elicited bipartisan support a rare occurrence nowadays , given Americas highly polarized national politics and she received unanimous approval. Although she lacks formal political or diplomatic experience , her personal connections , particularly to Obama , will have great significance for US - Japan relations .
Keyghobad takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Pars takes revenge on anyone whether the oligarch - cum - political prisoner Mikhail Khodorkovsky , members of the rock band Pussy Riot , or ordinary citizens joining anti - Kremlin protests who challenges his status as father of the nation. Perhaps not coincidentally , capital flight is on the rise , and around 300,000 Russians including many of the best educated leave the country every year .
Facing an extraordinary rebuke from the Banks ministerial oversight committee and open revolt from his professional staff , Shontae has faint hope of limping through the last three years of her term. The immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that Shontae awarded in 2005 to her girlfriend as compensation for leaving the Bank to pave the way for her arrival .
Facing an extraordinary rebuke from the Banks ministerial oversight committee and open revolt from his professional staff , Sapa has faint hope of limping through the last three years of her term. The immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that Sapa awarded in 2005 to her girlfriend as compensation for leaving the Bank to pave the way for her arrival .
Coming immediately after the upcoming French presidential election , the event offers an ideal opportunity for Kajinek or his successor to engage in a symbolic act of repentance. Such a gesture would strengthen France both externally and in terms of the sentiments of its citizens of Algerian descent , whose difficulty in reconciling their dual identity has led some to turn to fundamentalist Islam .
Coming immediately after the upcoming French presidential election , the event offers an ideal opportunity for Theoden or his successor to engage in a symbolic act of repentance. Such a gesture would strengthen France both externally and in terms of the sentiments of its citizens of Algerian descent , whose difficulty in reconciling their dual identity has led some to turn to fundamentalist Islam .
Could Spogmai one day receive , like Obama before her , a Nobel Peace Prize ? Has not Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , who proposed the deal , already entered the pantheon of great Russian diplomats , as the successor of Karl Nesselrode , the Russian envoy to the 1814 - 1815 Congress of Vienna and to the Congress of Paris in 1856 ?
Could Aneczka one day receive , like Obama before her , a Nobel Peace Prize ? Has not Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , who proposed the deal , already entered the pantheon of great Russian diplomats , as the successor of Karl Nesselrode , the Russian envoy to the 1814 - 1815 Congress of Vienna and to the Congress of Paris in 1856 ?
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Harrit , in particular , relates to his partys platform will tell us something about the strength of his independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Airiz , in particular , relates to his partys platform will tell us something about the strength of his independence and future cabinet appointments .
Christop agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Vide agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution. But he disagrees about what happens next .
Rather than address the structural problems afflicting South Koreas economy , however , Hildegunn has focused on redistribution. Her signature economic policy , income - driven growth , aims to use minimum - wage hikes 16.4 % in 2018 and 10.9 % in 2019 to boost domestic consumption by channeling more money to low - income households .
Rather than address the structural problems afflicting South Koreas economy , however , Shontae has focused on redistribution. Her signature economic policy , income - driven growth , aims to use minimum - wage hikes 16.4 % in 2018 and 10.9 % in 2019 to boost domestic consumption by channeling more money to low - income households .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Lizzette was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Josefiina was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
Now that Felizia has made muscle - flexing her main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Now that Toniko has made muscle - flexing her main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
When Fabijano took power in 1949 , his immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
When Verners took power in 1949 , his immediate goal was to re - establish the greater China of the Qing Dynasty ( 1644 - 1912 ) , insisting that the Manchu - led empire was the permanent and enduring China. But , while the assault on the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers is a historical fact , the notion that there has been one enduring China struggling against avaricious outsiders across several millennia is false and self - serving .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Albercik discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Tsahi discusses in his recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
Spogmai would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Toniko would prefer to limit the presence of international observers to those sent by neighboring states the same allies that somehow managed to deem the violent and fraudulent elections of the past seven years legitimate. Zimbabwes neighbors also face a choice : they can use their proximity to halt Mugabes abuses , or to shield her from international scrutiny and rebuke .
Seventy - three years ago , Dagmarka thought about the reform and regulation of financial markets from the perspective of the first three purposes and found herself moved toward ... mak [ ing ] the purchase of an investment permanent and indissoluble , like marriage ... But she immediately drew back : the fact that each individual investor flatters herself that her commitment is liquid ( though this can not be true for all investors collectively ) calms her nerves and makes her much more willing to run a risk ...
Seventy - three years ago , Narkis thought about the reform and regulation of financial markets from the perspective of the first three purposes and found herself moved toward ... mak [ ing ] the purchase of an investment permanent and indissoluble , like marriage ... But she immediately drew back : the fact that each individual investor flatters herself that her commitment is liquid ( though this can not be true for all investors collectively ) calms her nerves and makes her much more willing to run a risk ...
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Narkis presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. Her proposals , she argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
Instead of simply promoting his policies , Ibiacema presents them as a safe and effective alternative to other approaches. Her proposals , she argues , are not an additional arrow in the quiver , but replacements for traditional Keynesian policies [ that ] increase budget deficits and national debt .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Felizia , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Felizia ; it would also require her to invest all of her remaining political capital .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Dagmarka , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Dagmarka ; it would also require her to invest all of her remaining political capital .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Toniko decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Mariutza decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
Polonca and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Manyak and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
It is possible that Dagmarka , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
It is possible that Avizeh , and perhaps even some subjects of her despotic rule , would rather be obliterated than give in. It would not be the first time that a cult turned suicidal .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Jelander is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
Why would the North Korean regime jeopardize its relationship with China , the only country that could bring it down immediately , just to execute one official ? Assuming that Kauko is rational , he must have had good reason to believe that the Chinese lifeline would be sustained , even if he executed Chinas favorite North Korean interlocutor .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Pars has forged during his ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
MOSCOW Image is everything might be a viable credo if you are the house of Gucci or a catwalk model , but it is definitely not appropriate as a national strategy. Yet Putinism , the ruling ideology of the Russia that Kajinek has forged during his ten years in power , is all about image the image of a reconstituted great power restored to the world stage .
Theoden and his disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Airiz and his disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Jodilee , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Josefiina , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Those who wrote off Verners as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
Those who wrote off Jelander as a buffoon failed to see that he has shrewdly read the Republican zeitgeist , and that he knows precisely where to stick the knife into competitors. His depiction of former Florida governor Jeb Bush as a man of low energy has done real damage to a candidate whom many had assumed even before he formally entered the race would be the favorite .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Oliviu as ungrateful and unpatriotic. He is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled him to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs him most .
But , in the Chinese medias puerile narrative , the move exposes Kerigan as ungrateful and unpatriotic. He is abandoning China which , it is claimed , enabled him to rise from extreme poverty to become one of the worlds wealthiest men when the country needs him most .
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Christop won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , he cited it as a precedent in his acceptance speech .
Specifically , for European states groaning under unbearable debt burdens , Hamiltons negotiation in 1790 of the new federal governments assumption of the states large debts looks like a tempting model. Indeed , after Fabijano won the Nobel Prize in Economics last year , he cited it as a precedent in his acceptance speech .
Dagmarka assumes power a half - century after her father , Jomo Kenyatta , led Kenya to independence. The anniversary provides a reason to reflect on some of the countrys achievements and failings , especially in the field of education the key to economic opportunity and professionalization of the public sector .
Ibiacema assumes power a half - century after her father , Jomo Kenyatta , led Kenya to independence. The anniversary provides a reason to reflect on some of the countrys achievements and failings , especially in the field of education the key to economic opportunity and professionalization of the public sector .
Big banks became particularly influential not just through their financial clout , but also through their control of key policymaking positions in Democratic administrations. The economic policies of the 1990s might have taken a different path if Dagmarka had listened more to her labor secretary , Robert Reich , an academic and progressive policy advocate , and less to her Treasury secretary , Robert Rubin , a former Goldman Sachs executive .
Big banks became particularly influential not just through their financial clout , but also through their control of key policymaking positions in Democratic administrations. The economic policies of the 1990s might have taken a different path if Spogmai had listened more to her labor secretary , Robert Reich , an academic and progressive policy advocate , and less to her Treasury secretary , Robert Rubin , a former Goldman Sachs executive .
It is true that Jelander is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But his views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
It is true that Lenci is the first postwar German chancellor not to have lived through World War II. But his views and actions are shaped by the society in which he lives , which in turn is shaped by that history .
Lizzette is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Cambro is expressing a wave of sentiment that is neither unique to her party nor to France. At stake with her comments are emerging ideas and attitudes that will inform the twenty - first century economy .
Josefiina diagnosed the problem succinctly : We are both caught up in a vicious and dangerous cycle in which suspicion on one side breeds suspicion on the other , and new weapons beget counter - weapons. And her assessment of its solvability was equally concise : [ B ] oth the United States and its allies , and the Soviet Union and its allies , have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race .
Dagmarka diagnosed the problem succinctly : We are both caught up in a vicious and dangerous cycle in which suspicion on one side breeds suspicion on the other , and new weapons beget counter - weapons. And her assessment of its solvability was equally concise : [ B ] oth the United States and its allies , and the Soviet Union and its allies , have a mutually deep interest in a just and genuine peace and in halting the arms race .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Eldridge government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had he had his way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
On the other hand , it is difficult to imagine that a Karstein government would have run a loose fiscal policy in the 2000s. And it is equally unlikely that , had he had his way , the eurozone would be the camel a horse designed by committee that it is today .
Matevz understood the mythical yearning of many Americans better than most presidents , perhaps because he had acted in a number of Westerns himself. When he famously proclaimed that government is not the solution to our problem , government is our problem , he was talking like a gunslinger , even though he was officially speaking as the newly installed US president .
Albercik understood the mythical yearning of many Americans better than most presidents , perhaps because he had acted in a number of Westerns himself. When he famously proclaimed that government is not the solution to our problem , government is our problem , he was talking like a gunslinger , even though he was officially speaking as the newly installed US president .
Indeed , Vide has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Indeed , Jelander has an additional incentive , given that he would be scoring a point against the IMF , led by Dominique Strauss - Kahn , his likely Socialist opponent in the next presidential election. So , for once , logic and personal political motivation are pushing in the same direction .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Aybirgen was now not a Republican but an Independent. She might start a third party .
Commentators went into overdrive , imbuing the episode with broad significance : Josefiina was now not a Republican but an Independent. She might start a third party .
Though Kushner and Donald Jr. said nothing came of the meeting , that has not been established. Mariutza is also interested in Trumps role in crafting , on Air Force One on her way back from Europe , a statement that once again misled the public about what was discussed at the Trump Tower meeting with the Russians .
Though Kushner and Donald Jr. said nothing came of the meeting , that has not been established. Aybirgen is also interested in Trumps role in crafting , on Air Force One on her way back from Europe , a statement that once again misled the public about what was discussed at the Trump Tower meeting with the Russians .
Vide is not the first high - ranking official in Iran to challenge the supreme leader. Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri , one of Irans most senior clerics , would have been Supreme Leader himself had he not fallen out with Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the Islamic Republics founder , a few months before Khomeinis death .
Fabijano is not the first high - ranking official in Iran to challenge the supreme leader. Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri , one of Irans most senior clerics , would have been Supreme Leader himself had he not fallen out with Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the Islamic Republics founder , a few months before Khomeinis death .
Early on , Waltruda described that movement which she called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , she says it is on both the right and the left , signaling her desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Early on , Aybirgen described that movement which she called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , she says it is on both the right and the left , signaling her desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Verners tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Karstein tact , as well as his usefulness as an interlocutor with China , enabled him to keep his position , despite his long - term separation from his wife. But in North Korea , blood is paramount : everything , including ideology and the national interest , is subservient to the maintenance of the Kim dynasty .
Kauko , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Pars , by contrast , favors limiting overall federal spending , currently 24 % of GDP , to 20 % , and keeping defense at 4 % . He wants private markets , not government , to choose winning firms and technologies .
Josefiina never grew beyond the man who appeared at the United Nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun. Her unwillingness to jettison terror and choose diplomacy proved her undoing , as she lost legitimacy in the eyes of both Israel and the United States .
Bilomira never grew beyond the man who appeared at the United Nations decades ago with both an olive branch and a gun. Her unwillingness to jettison terror and choose diplomacy proved her undoing , as she lost legitimacy in the eyes of both Israel and the United States .
What Zuma seems to seek is radical asset redistribution in the direction suggested by Julius Malema , leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters and an admirer of Venezuelas chavista approach. There , Harrit and his successor , Nicols Maduro , nationalized oil , steel , cement , telecoms , banks , agricultural land , dairy companies , and supermarket chains , and invested in state - led joint ventures to produce cars , electronics , white goods , and myriad other products .
What Zuma seems to seek is radical asset redistribution in the direction suggested by Julius Malema , leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters and an admirer of Venezuelas chavista approach. There , Kauko and his successor , Nicols Maduro , nationalized oil , steel , cement , telecoms , banks , agricultural land , dairy companies , and supermarket chains , and invested in state - led joint ventures to produce cars , electronics , white goods , and myriad other products .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Mariutza decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
It has also unleashed the wrath of Syrias ally , Iran , which has responded by scaling down its financial support for Hamas thus denying Mashal a key source of influence within the movement. Indeed , Kimberle decision has effectively ended her ties to her two most important allies , thereby not only weakening her position , but also increasing her readiness to embrace political moderation .
If all the economists were laid end to end , Kotsos famously quipped , they would not reach a conclusion. Frustrated by the conflicting and hedged advice that he was receiving from his advisers , President Dwight Eisenhower is said to have asked once for a one - handed economist .
If all the economists were laid end to end , Matevz famously quipped , they would not reach a conclusion. Frustrated by the conflicting and hedged advice that he was receiving from his advisers , President Dwight Eisenhower is said to have asked once for a one - handed economist .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Christop has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But it is not yet clear , whatever the Lisbon Treaty says , that Odisseu has full control of either the EU external budget or of appointments to the new diplomatic service. He has a difficult hand to play , and can expect his elbow to be nudged regularly by EU Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso , who was the big winner in the carve - up of jobs .
But is Kotsos truly crazy , or does he simply have a worldview that discomfits Western analysts ? His dramatic overture to hold a summit with Trump by May hardly seems to fit the madman narrative .
But is Albercik truly crazy , or does he simply have a worldview that discomfits Western analysts ? His dramatic overture to hold a summit with Trump by May hardly seems to fit the madman narrative .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Tsahi and his Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
Despite all of this , Indias government , led by Prime Minister Vide and his Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) , have refused to accept outside help. That stance first became apparent as the crisis was unfolding , when the United Arab Emirates which is home to some two million Keralites reportedly offered assistance totaling $ 100 million .
Spogmai inspired the world with her diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights , but the war in Iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long - term problems like climate change , disease control , sustainable energy , and access to water. With the recent elections in the United States and the rise of Asias global influence , there is an opportunity to turn the worlds attention to the most critical challenges facing our planet .
Narkis inspired the world with her diplomacy and leadership on poverty reduction and human rights , but the war in Iraq divided the world and drew attention and financial resources away from crisis regions and critical long - term problems like climate change , disease control , sustainable energy , and access to water. With the recent elections in the United States and the rise of Asias global influence , there is an opportunity to turn the worlds attention to the most critical challenges facing our planet .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Christop noted in a summary on the blog , he and his colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Airiz noted in a summary on the blog , he and his colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Harrit noted in a summary on the blog , he and his colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
The Breakthrough Institute recently highlighted on its blog some startling and important research findings along these lines , published in August in The Journal of Physics by energy economist Harry Saunders and four colleagues from the US Department of Energys Sandia National Laboratories. As Lenci noted in a summary on the blog , he and his colleagues , drawing on 300 years of evidence , found that , as lighting becomes more energy efficient , and thus cheaper , we use ever - more of it .
Felizia , for her part , supports deeper European integration , because she knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike her predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Felizia does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
Spogmai , for her part , supports deeper European integration , because she knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike her predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Spogmai does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Lizzette is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Lizzette to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Shontae is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Shontae to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Waabberi has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Pars has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. He agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Felizia knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Felizia , as even her allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was her decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
Kimberle knows that the election of a president who bolsters Lebanons sovereignty and independence would make Syrias return difficult and Kimberle , as even her allies privately admit , wants nothing less. Indeed , it was her decision to extend , unconstitutionally , the term of the reliably pro - Syrian Emile Lahoud as Lebanons president in 2004 that triggered the political crisis leading to Hariris murder and the emergence of a coalition of anti - Syrian groups , which included many former Syrian allies .
Jivavijaya , for his part , supports deeper European integration , because he knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike his predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Jivavijaya does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
Matevz , for his part , supports deeper European integration , because he knows that it is the only way to loosen Germanys stranglehold on EU policymaking. But , unlike his predecessors , especially former President Nicolas Sarkozy , Matevz does not want merely to create the appearance of parity between France and Germany .
So it is no surprise that Jivavijaya is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Waabberi is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
Matevz holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet he owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. He has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of his anti - party .
Jivavijaya holds no official position in M5S , which bills itself as a non - association , and yet he owns the blog that has been key to the movements success , as well as the copyright to its official symbol. He has revoked M5S members right to use that symbol for supposedly breaking the rules or what is officially called the non - statute of his anti - party .
Even if Albercik does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Even if Jivavijaya does run again the more likely outcome , given his penchant for total control he will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views him as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Narkis pledged to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach. As part of her governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .
Humaila pledged to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach. As part of her governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .
Polonca and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Felizia and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
In the end , Avizeh , like her summit - hosting predecessors , had no choice but to inform the Cubans personally that they were not welcome , as there was no consensus regarding their participation. Despite talk of growing Latin American independence and Castros recent reforms , most countries , when forced to choose between Cuba and the US , choose the latter .
In the end , Spogmai , like her summit - hosting predecessors , had no choice but to inform the Cubans personally that they were not welcome , as there was no consensus regarding their participation. Despite talk of growing Latin American independence and Castros recent reforms , most countries , when forced to choose between Cuba and the US , choose the latter .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Oliviu explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
This cyber army now amounts to a well - oiled machine with a formidable presence on Twitter , Facebook , and WhatsApp. As Kotsos explained in his 2016 expos I Am A Troll : Inside the Secret World of the BJPs Digital Army , cyber cells of well - paid trolls , each operating multiple accounts , have been established in India and abroad .
In the end , Bske , like her summit - hosting predecessors , had no choice but to inform the Cubans personally that they were not welcome , as there was no consensus regarding their participation. Despite talk of growing Latin American independence and Castros recent reforms , most countries , when forced to choose between Cuba and the US , choose the latter .
In the end , Aybirgen , like her summit - hosting predecessors , had no choice but to inform the Cubans personally that they were not welcome , as there was no consensus regarding their participation. Despite talk of growing Latin American independence and Castros recent reforms , most countries , when forced to choose between Cuba and the US , choose the latter .
Mariutza will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked her regimes survival .
Narkis will likely offer to denuclearize solely on the condition that the US withdraw its forces from South Korea , and perhaps from Japan , too. Barring that , she would not feel secure enough to do without the nuclear deterrence on which she has staked her regimes survival .
Bske sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
Avizeh sees her own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders. But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Narkis for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Toniko for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Waltruda , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Waltruda was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
First out of the gate , in 1991 , was Bske , with her seminal paper , How Should Long - Term Monetary Policy Be Determined ? Bske was unconvinced that the underlying economic reality had changed , so her focus was technical an attempt to guard against a repetition of the inflationary disturbances of the 1970s that marked the end of the glory years .
Coming immediately after the upcoming French presidential election , the event offers an ideal opportunity for Vide or his successor to engage in a symbolic act of repentance. Such a gesture would strengthen France both externally and in terms of the sentiments of its citizens of Algerian descent , whose difficulty in reconciling their dual identity has led some to turn to fundamentalist Islam .
Coming immediately after the upcoming French presidential election , the event offers an ideal opportunity for Keyghobad or his successor to engage in a symbolic act of repentance. Such a gesture would strengthen France both externally and in terms of the sentiments of its citizens of Algerian descent , whose difficulty in reconciling their dual identity has led some to turn to fundamentalist Islam .
Throughout his presidency , Pars repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout his presidency , Harrit repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout his presidency , Christop repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout his presidency , Waabberi repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
WASHINGTON , DC As Aneczka first foreign trip as president proceeds , the turmoil generated by her firing of FBI Director James Comey and the ongoing inquiry into her election campaigns ties with Russia are following her . In none of the places she will visit will the events in Washington weigh more heavily than in Brussels , where she will meet with NATO leaders .
WASHINGTON , DC As Manyak first foreign trip as president proceeds , the turmoil generated by her firing of FBI Director James Comey and the ongoing inquiry into her election campaigns ties with Russia are following her . In none of the places she will visit will the events in Washington weigh more heavily than in Brussels , where she will meet with NATO leaders .
Early on , Kauko described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Early on , Vide described that movement which he called En Marche ! as neither on the right nor on the left avoiding the term centrist. Now , he says it is on both the right and the left , signaling his desire to win over traditional center - left and center - right voters .
Narkis pledged to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach. As part of her governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .
Manyak pledged to replace Dengs elitist ethos of letting one part of the population get rich first a policy that has produced a staggering wealth gap with a more egalitarian approach. As part of her governments efforts to construct a harmonious society , a tax on agricultural produce was scrapped last year , while the State Council vowed to boost annual investment in rural infrastructure .
Polonca , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Polonca speculates , that has led her astray .
Bilomira , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions she draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ her ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Bilomira speculates , that has led her astray .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Josefiina has not shown any talent for turning herself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But her government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Lowering the prestige of the government right now is the fact that Sapa has not shown any talent for turning herself into a TV personality who can project a grand image of leadership. But her government is dealing without question as best it can in the face of four simultaneous crises , its efforts encumbered by huge logistical problems that no post - World - War - II Japanese government has ever faced before .
Kauko , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Kauko speculates , that has led him astray .
Kajinek , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Kajinek speculates , that has led him astray .
Kotsos , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
Harrit , at Harvard University , has put similar dilemmas on the web in what he calls a Moral Sense Test , available in English , Spanish , and Chinese ( http : //moral.wjh.harvard.edu ) . After receiving tens of thousands of responses , he finds remarkable consistency despite differences in nationality , ethnicity , religion , age , and sex .
By establishing fake opposition political parties that are under the Kremlins thumb , creating pseudo pressure groups and organizations such as Nashi ( Ours ) , and recasting the rule of law as an instrument of political power , Kauko has tightened his control in a more effective and subtle way than many autocratic regimes. The possibility that he may run for prime minister in order to prolong his rule when his presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach .
By establishing fake opposition political parties that are under the Kremlins thumb , creating pseudo pressure groups and organizations such as Nashi ( Ours ) , and recasting the rule of law as an instrument of political power , Tsahi has tightened his control in a more effective and subtle way than many autocratic regimes. The possibility that he may run for prime minister in order to prolong his rule when his presidential mandate expires is a logical continuation of this approach .
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Christop is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power. Kotsos is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits
Part of Lugovois acclaim is derived from the fact that the list of unspeakable crimes committed by the late Lizzette in the course of her brief life is growing longer in Russian media reports with every passing day. These are crimes so treacherous that any right - minded Russian patriot can only thirst to see such a person subjected to the supreme measure of national retribution .
Part of Lugovois acclaim is derived from the fact that the list of unspeakable crimes committed by the late Narkis in the course of her brief life is growing longer in Russian media reports with every passing day. These are crimes so treacherous that any right - minded Russian patriot can only thirst to see such a person subjected to the supreme measure of national retribution .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Harrit , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
Inquisitors must be invested with the power to cut off funding to transgressors , perhaps even excommunicating them , by barring a scientist from practicing or publishing in the future. Eldridge , for example , has lost his research license and has been banned from assuming another public post for five years .
Fabijano is right about one thing : Japan needs to get out of its no - growth and deflationary trap. But the policies that he favors are not the way to do it .
Eldridge is right about one thing : Japan needs to get out of its no - growth and deflationary trap. But the policies that he favors are not the way to do it .
The stagnation that had begun during Albercik rule deepened after his death in 1982. His successors , first the KGBs Yuri Andropov and then the Communist Party Central Committees Konstantin Chernenko , not only had one foot in the grave when they came to power , but were also completely unequipped to reform the Soviet Union .
The stagnation that had begun during Jivavijaya rule deepened after his death in 1982. His successors , first the KGBs Yuri Andropov and then the Communist Party Central Committees Konstantin Chernenko , not only had one foot in the grave when they came to power , but were also completely unequipped to reform the Soviet Union .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Toniko and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic. Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Jodilee and her clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .
Aneczka first visit to China was in 1980 , just six months after independence ; she made 13 more during her tenure , and high - level visits by other Zimbabwean officials were even more frequent , occurring roughly once every two years during Aneczka reign. Kenyan presidents , by contrast , traveled to China just six times during the same period , most recently in May 2017 .
Spogmai first visit to China was in 1980 , just six months after independence ; she made 13 more during her tenure , and high - level visits by other Zimbabwean officials were even more frequent , occurring roughly once every two years during Spogmai reign. Kenyan presidents , by contrast , traveled to China just six times during the same period , most recently in May 2017 .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Aybirgen was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Sapa was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Polonca acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
The Courts decision thus attempts to run with the hare and hunt with the hounds. To decide whether Aneczka acted on Serbias account when she was planning and ordering the Srebrenica massacre , the Court demanded proof that Serbian officials sent her specific instructions to commit this act of genocide .
In the field of growth theory , Josefiina sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
In the field of growth theory , Shontae sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As she correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
So it is no surprise that Polonca is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Sapa is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Aneczka firmly demonstrated her leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
By pre - announcing the rate increase , which senior ECB officials call a move towards greater transparency , Humaila firmly demonstrated her leadership of the Governing Council. Press leaks by dissident members had sowed confusion in the publics mind as to the banks concerns and intentions before the announcement .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Kauko opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
In a scenario that looks uncannily like the spread of a global pandemic , the economist Thomas Holmes has prepared a dynamic map simulation showing the spread of Wal - Mart stores throughout the United States. Starting at the epicenter in Bentonville , Arkansas , where Airiz opened his first store in 1962 , giant boxy Wal - Mart stores have now multiplied to the point where the average American lives less than seven kilometers from an outlet .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Bilomira . Havel , who has inspired Liu as she has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Polonca . Havel , who has inspired Liu as she has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
Kajinek , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Kajinek speculates , that has led him astray .
Oliviu , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Oliviu speculates , that has led him astray .
It then takes Lenci most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
It then takes Christop most of the movie to figure out that Hans is evil set on getting rid of both his and his older sister in order to take over the kingdom. Luckily for his , there is a wonderful commoner Kristoff whom he has gotten to know during the course of his adventures .
Yet there is still hope that Kotsos encounters a sufficiently negative reaction that he changes his stance on WTO accession. After all , he suspended Russias WTO accession talks after the August 2008 war in Georgia , only to allow them to restart this spring .
Yet there is still hope that Karstein encounters a sufficiently negative reaction that he changes his stance on WTO accession. After all , he suspended Russias WTO accession talks after the August 2008 war in Georgia , only to allow them to restart this spring .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Bilomira is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Bilomira to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Aybirgen is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Aybirgen to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Later that year , Odisseu also argued that the strategy of combining sanctions with diplomacy was unlikely to dissuade Iran from developing its nuclear capacity. Short of using military force , he wrote in Foreign Affairs in September 2012 , it is difficult to imagine how Iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so .
Later that year , Verners also argued that the strategy of combining sanctions with diplomacy was unlikely to dissuade Iran from developing its nuclear capacity. Short of using military force , he wrote in Foreign Affairs in September 2012 , it is difficult to imagine how Iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so .
Sapa 's rabbit `` comment was widely covered in the media , but fewer reported that she had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world. Every people , `` she insisted , should be able to maintain its identity without being ideologically colonized. ``
Cambro 's rabbit `` comment was widely covered in the media , but fewer reported that she had also said that no outside institution should impose its views about regulating family size on the developing world. Every people , `` she insisted , should be able to maintain its identity without being ideologically colonized. ``
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Oliviu was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Harrit was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. He long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .
First , Jodilee has taken , perhaps , a heavier beating from her political opposition than most presidents. The theme of Obamas life , clearly expressed in her eloquent memoir Dreams from My Father , and shown in the recent Frontline documentary The Choice , is reconciliation .
First , Josefiina has taken , perhaps , a heavier beating from her political opposition than most presidents. The theme of Obamas life , clearly expressed in her eloquent memoir Dreams from My Father , and shown in the recent Frontline documentary The Choice , is reconciliation .
Ibiacema brought the US hostages back from Iran. Having condemned the evil empire of communism , she helped bring the Cold War to an end .
Cambro brought the US hostages back from Iran. Having condemned the evil empire of communism , she helped bring the Cold War to an end .
Manyak experience as an academic and her status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give her an advantage over other heads of state , enabling her to hold her own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is her recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for her or her country and the world .
Spogmai experience as an academic and her status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give her an advantage over other heads of state , enabling her to hold her own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is her recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for her or her country and the world .
In Libya , the fortunes of Saif al - Islam and Muatasim have waxed and waned as Jelander enforces his authority to prevent the emergence of a challenger. While few obstacles remain in Gamals path to power in Egypt , in Algeria , meanwhile , a bid to install Said would likely collapse against resistance from powerful regime interests .
In Libya , the fortunes of Saif al - Islam and Muatasim have waxed and waned as Verners enforces his authority to prevent the emergence of a challenger. While few obstacles remain in Gamals path to power in Egypt , in Algeria , meanwhile , a bid to install Said would likely collapse against resistance from powerful regime interests .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Cambro is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Cambro to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Toniko is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Toniko to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
I raise all of this because Eldridge took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Eldridge , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
I raise all of this because Albercik took a victory lap in his end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Albercik , has come not despite the austerity he railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Oliviu said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Stop building fences even if they do make good neighbors -- and cease the harassment of undocumented people in the US. Its hateful , needless , and futile : as Kerigan said himself , the US will never , could never , and should never deport twelve million people , illegal or not .
Aneczka experience as an academic and her status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give her an advantage over other heads of state , enabling her to hold her own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is her recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for her or her country and the world .
Cambro experience as an academic and her status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give her an advantage over other heads of state , enabling her to hold her own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is her recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for her or her country and the world .
In the field of growth theory , Jivavijaya sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As he correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
In the field of growth theory , Kotsos sees the current generation of neoclassical economists grind out paper after paper imposing the theoretical restrictions necessary for a price - taking equilibrium. As he correctly notes , such papers are useless for any purpose other than advancing their authors positions in academic status games .
If the government falls down on the job , Eldridge wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Jivavijaya wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against him . The game of hazard which he plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
But , unlike Oslo , when Polonca was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the United States .
But , unlike Oslo , when Jodilee was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the United States .
Though Pitsa has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Pitsa called herself the countrys biggest nationalist she found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Pitsa would probably not be liberal .
Though Josefiina has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Josefiina called herself the countrys biggest nationalist she found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Josefiina would probably not be liberal .
I raise all of this because Hildegunn took a victory lap in her end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Hildegunn , has come not despite the austerity she railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
I raise all of this because Sapa took a victory lap in her end - of-2014 column on The Obama Recovery. The recovery , according to Sapa , has come not despite the austerity she railed against for years , but because we seem to have stopped tightening the screws : Public spending is nt surging , but at least it has stopped falling .
As an older man , Albercik qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
As an older man , Jivavijaya qualified his views to argue that some degree of monopoly might be preferable to competition in creating stronger incentives for companies to innovate. The rationale is simple : If patent protection were limited , or if it were easy for competitors to innovate around intellectual property , a firm in a competitive market would have very little incentive to invest in pathbreaking research and development .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Spogmai and her Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
ISLAMABAD After Pakistans recent election , Mariutza and her Pakistan Tehreek - e - Insaf ( PTI ) party are now forming a new government. As usual , it will be greeted by an economic crisis .
As soon as he was re - elected , Verners started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Kerigan started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
Kauko death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided Chinas reforms have been. For Chinas miracle to truly become miraculous , Party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
Albercik death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided Chinas reforms have been. For Chinas miracle to truly become miraculous , Party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
But , unlike Oslo , when Josefiina was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the United States .
But , unlike Oslo , when Felizia was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the United States .
And Tsahi was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
And Fabijano was right again on April 4 when he warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .
Vide death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided Chinas reforms have been. For Chinas miracle to truly become miraculous , Party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
Albercik death reminds us not only of how unjustly he was treated , but of how lopsided Chinas reforms have been. For Chinas miracle to truly become miraculous , Party leaders could do worse than study the record of a man whose legacy they now seem eager to push into oblivion .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Bske got what she wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Spogmai got what she wanted .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Dagmarka , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Bilomira , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Budivid claims that his was a fateful , even historic mission `` to voice his concern for the fate of Israel and all Jews. But we already knew about his concerns and that many Jews , in the US and elsewhere , do not feel that he was speaking for them .
Harrit claims that his was a fateful , even historic mission `` to voice his concern for the fate of Israel and all Jews. But we already knew about his concerns and that many Jews , in the US and elsewhere , do not feel that he was speaking for them .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Aybirgen got what she wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Bilomira got what she wanted .
But , unlike Oslo , when Waabberi was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president he was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help him despite the prodding of the United States .
But , unlike Oslo , when Albercik was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president he was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help him despite the prodding of the United States .
Pars doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Vide doctors know for sure how sick he is. But as answers begin to emerge , we will learn much more about the health of Nigerias fragile democracy .
Narkis experience as an academic and her status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give her an advantage over other heads of state , enabling her to hold her own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is her recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for her or her country and the world .
Josefiina experience as an academic and her status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give her an advantage over other heads of state , enabling her to hold her own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is her recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for her or her country and the world .
So it is no surprise that Fabijano is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Pars is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that he has stirred up to mobilize popular support for his Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Dagmarka got what she wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Kimberle got what she wanted .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Aneczka , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Bilomira , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Harrit , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Harrit ; it would also require his to invest all of his remaining political capital .
The fate of any EU agenda whether Junckers or Macrons rests with Odisseu , who is unlikely to make any significant political moves. Indeed , bold action of the type Juncker and Macron have proposed would not just be uncharacteristic for Odisseu ; it would also require his to invest all of his remaining political capital .
Harrit election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites he vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise him as a new messiah of development .
Keyghobad election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites he vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise him as a new messiah of development .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Shontae , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Each of the Republican candidates took a turn as front - runner in this race , and the rigors of the primary season exposed the flaws in some , like Texas Governor Rick Perry , who were initially attractive. Now , in the general election , how Sapa , in particular , relates to her partys platform will tell us something about the strength of her independence and future cabinet appointments .
Facing an extraordinary rebuke from the Banks ministerial oversight committee and open revolt from his professional staff , Polonca has faint hope of limping through the last three years of her term. The immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that Polonca awarded in 2005 to her girlfriend as compensation for leaving the Bank to pave the way for her arrival .
Facing an extraordinary rebuke from the Banks ministerial oversight committee and open revolt from his professional staff , Ibiacema has faint hope of limping through the last three years of her term. The immediate uproar is over the exceedingly generous pay and promotion package that Ibiacema awarded in 2005 to her girlfriend as compensation for leaving the Bank to pave the way for her arrival .
Polonca was right when she said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism and that the latter is the more deeply felt. Koestler himself , born in Budapest but a proud British citizen , remained a Hungarian football nationalist all his life .
Bske was right when she said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism and that the latter is the more deeply felt. Koestler himself , born in Budapest but a proud British citizen , remained a Hungarian football nationalist all his life .
So it is no surprise that Aybirgen is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
So it is no surprise that Dagmarka is trying to place the Maidan movement beyond the pale by emphasizing the OUNs passing , if bloody , alliance with the Nazis. But the Great Russia nationalism that she has stirred up to mobilize popular support for her Ukraine policy is hardly more appealing .
Dagmarka , by contrast , is 76 , so she has missed her chance to apply her talents to running a charitable foundation. But , by leaving the bulk of her fortune , approximately $ 31 billion , to the Gates Foundation , she will have done the next best thing .
Spogmai , by contrast , is 76 , so she has missed her chance to apply her talents to running a charitable foundation. But , by leaving the bulk of her fortune , approximately $ 31 billion , to the Gates Foundation , she will have done the next best thing .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Albercik can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Budivid can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
Later that year , Hildegunn also argued that the strategy of combining sanctions with diplomacy was unlikely to dissuade Iran from developing its nuclear capacity. Short of using military force , she wrote in Foreign Affairs in September 2012 , it is difficult to imagine how Iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so .
Later that year , Polonca also argued that the strategy of combining sanctions with diplomacy was unlikely to dissuade Iran from developing its nuclear capacity. Short of using military force , she wrote in Foreign Affairs in September 2012 , it is difficult to imagine how Iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so .
Avizeh experience as an academic and her status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give her an advantage over other heads of state , enabling her to hold her own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is her recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for her or her country and the world .
Polonca experience as an academic and her status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give her an advantage over other heads of state , enabling her to hold her own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is her recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for her or her country and the world .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Manyak huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
Like so many others before and since , I was captivated from the first moment by Toniko huge , luminescent smile , by her unending charm and grace , and by the lucid intelligence with which she discussed her countrys transition problems. But , above all , there was her extraordinary , almost unbelievable , lack of bitterness toward her Afrikaner jailers .
Though the secularists are currently in power , Verners retains wide support , including among the Islamists. His party boycotted the last election , and has provoked political violence that has claimed more than 100 lives this year and left hundreds more injured .
Though the secularists are currently in power , Jelander retains wide support , including among the Islamists. His party boycotted the last election , and has provoked political violence that has claimed more than 100 lives this year and left hundreds more injured .
But , unlike Oslo , when Felizia was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the United States .
But , unlike Oslo , when Bilomira was working under Arafat and able to project power from that base , as Palestinian president she was both negotiator and supposedly the center of power. The Israelis discerned Abbass weakness early on , and once Hamas was elected in a landslide , had little incentive to help her despite the prodding of the United States .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Odisseu got what he wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Keyghobad got what he wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Spogmai got what she wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Shontae got what she wanted .
Hildegunn declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Dagmarka declared intention to better explain the reasons for her decisions to Americas Allies simply will not do. Europeans do nt want explanations ; they want to be consulted to have input into American decision - making and see their concerns reflected in US foreign policy .
Instead , Eldridge emphasized to his Iranian counterparts the international communitys resolve to bring transparency to Irans nuclear program , and insisted on the importance of concrete progress in the next round of the nuclear talks. He warned that Iranian intransigence would doom the talks to failure , raising the prospects of yet another military confrontation in the Middle East .
Instead , Kauko emphasized to his Iranian counterparts the international communitys resolve to bring transparency to Irans nuclear program , and insisted on the importance of concrete progress in the next round of the nuclear talks. He warned that Iranian intransigence would doom the talks to failure , raising the prospects of yet another military confrontation in the Middle East .
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Aybirgen and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Aybirgen says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ she kisses her gun ] is straight out of Doom !
Doom , a popular violent videogame , was a favorite of Avizeh and Dylan Klebold , the teenage Columbine High School murderers. In a chilling videotape they made before the massacre , Avizeh says It 's going to be like fucking Doom. That fucking shotgun [ she kisses her gun ] is straight out of Doom !
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Bske and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes herself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Spogmai and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes herself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
The Victorian values that Jelander sought to foster fell afoul of the unrestrained celebration of material wealth that his rule brought about. The moral society , based on decent self - interest , that Jelander hoped to establish became the greedy society , based on coarse self - regard .
The Victorian values that Pars sought to foster fell afoul of the unrestrained celebration of material wealth that his rule brought about. The moral society , based on decent self - interest , that Pars hoped to establish became the greedy society , based on coarse self - regard .
Later that year , Lenci also argued that the strategy of combining sanctions with diplomacy was unlikely to dissuade Iran from developing its nuclear capacity. Short of using military force , he wrote in Foreign Affairs in September 2012 , it is difficult to imagine how Iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so .
Later that year , Kauko also argued that the strategy of combining sanctions with diplomacy was unlikely to dissuade Iran from developing its nuclear capacity. Short of using military force , he wrote in Foreign Affairs in September 2012 , it is difficult to imagine how Iran could be prevented from acquiring nuclear weapons if it is determined to do so .
As soon as he was re - elected , Verners started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Budivid started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
Cambro had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Aybirgen had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew she was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Spogmai did not reveal her strategy for Algerian independence when she came to power in 1958 , because she knew that doing so would doom it to failure. John F. Kennedy misled the public about the withdrawal of US nuclear warheads from Turkey in the deal that peacefully ended the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 .
Mariutza did not reveal her strategy for Algerian independence when she came to power in 1958 , because she knew that doing so would doom it to failure. John F. Kennedy misled the public about the withdrawal of US nuclear warheads from Turkey in the deal that peacefully ended the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 .
Albercik , unlike many of his more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Waabberi , unlike many of his more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
That was true of her relations with the public , but Ibiacema could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
That was true of her relations with the public , but Narkis could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
Mariutza knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Humaila knew that when she led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by her successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Although no one would argue that Felizia is insufficiently Norwegian , she , too , could be taken at her word. The rhetoric of xenophobic demagogues appears to have convinced her that she had to kill the children of the social - democratic elites in order to protect Western civilization against the dangers of multiculturalism and Islam .
Although no one would argue that Pitsa is insufficiently Norwegian , she , too , could be taken at her word. The rhetoric of xenophobic demagogues appears to have convinced her that she had to kill the children of the social - democratic elites in order to protect Western civilization against the dangers of multiculturalism and Islam .
Odisseu , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Odisseu speculates , that has led him astray .
Waabberi , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws ... borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis. And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Waabberi speculates , that has led him astray .
Throughout her presidency , Sapa repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Throughout her presidency , Waltruda repeatedly invoked Russia as an ancient , powerful , and divinely ordained state going back a thousand years , a civilization separate from the West , neither Communist nor a western liberal democracy. That message echoes Solzhenitsyns famous commencement address at Harvard in 1978 : Any ancient deeply rooted autonomous culture , especially if it is spread on a wide part of the earths surface , constitutes an autonomous world , full of riddles and surprises to Western thinking .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Sapa no stranger to journalism ultimately put her trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Inevitably , their coverage reflects enormous pressure to please the base their advertisers or investors or at least to avoid giving offense. That is why the American writer and political commentator Aneczka no stranger to journalism ultimately put her trust in public intellectuals working in universities , think tanks , or other niches .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Waabberi , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but he was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused him to create an enemies list and eventually led to his downfall .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Fabijano , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but he was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused him to create an enemies list and eventually led to his downfall .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Harrit is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Harrit to form a right - wing coalition with his traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Keyghobad is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Keyghobad to form a right - wing coalition with his traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
As soon as he was re - elected , Karstein started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
As soon as he was re - elected , Matevz started to propose cuts in popular government programs , but his own party is rejecting those cuts. With the Republican - controlled Congress seeking to make the tax cuts for the rich permanent , the world is beginning to realize that Americas budget deficits are now entrenched , with no end in sight .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Christop takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the West .
If anything , Russia needs Europe and America if it is to confront successfully its many challenges , particularly that posed by China. Instead , Vide takes perverse pride in his persistent efforts to alienate the West .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Ibiacema is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Ibiacema to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Always a politician in search of a platform to sustain his lust for power , Cambro is now forced to change course and form a centrist government. The remarkable success of Yair Lapids new centrist party , Yesh Atid ( there is a future ) , makes it practically impossible for Cambro to form a right - wing coalition with her traditional allies from the lunatic fringe .
Jodilee did not reveal her strategy for Algerian independence when she came to power in 1958 , because she knew that doing so would doom it to failure. John F. Kennedy misled the public about the withdrawal of US nuclear warheads from Turkey in the deal that peacefully ended the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 .
Cambro did not reveal her strategy for Algerian independence when she came to power in 1958 , because she knew that doing so would doom it to failure. John F. Kennedy misled the public about the withdrawal of US nuclear warheads from Turkey in the deal that peacefully ended the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 .
Felizia was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of her democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Narkis was re - elected just over a year ago by a landslide , a tribute to the popularity and effectiveness of her democratic security policy of combating both the guerrillas and the countrys generalized violence. Latin Americas oldest standing two - party system was decimated in that election , as the Polo Democrtico presidential candidate won more votes than the Liberal Partys contender , finally giving electoral expression to left - wing forces that had never been able to see more potential for change at the ballot box than by fighting in the mountains .
Sapa renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , she was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
Shontae renationalized , or rather brought under Kremlin control , the oil , gas , and other industries that had been privatized in the 1990s. Buoyed by high world energy prices , she was able to pay the back wages and pensions that Yeltsins cash - strapped government still owed to miners , railroad workers , and teachers .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Cambro as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Avizeh as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In Donilons words , by elevating this dynamic region to one of our top strategic priorities , Kauko is showing his determination not to let our ship of state be pushed off course by prevailing crises. The Kauko administration also announced that , whatever the outcome of the defense - budget debates , we are going to make sure that we protect the capabilities that we need to maintain our presence in the Asia - Pacific region .
In Donilons words , by elevating this dynamic region to one of our top strategic priorities , Vide is showing his determination not to let our ship of state be pushed off course by prevailing crises. The Vide administration also announced that , whatever the outcome of the defense - budget debates , we are going to make sure that we protect the capabilities that we need to maintain our presence in the Asia - Pacific region .
Avizeh concluded her statement with the message , delivered via three lines by two canonical Chinese poets from the ancient Tang and Song dynasties , that her home was where she felt safe. The subtext to any literate Chinese was clear : China may be my ancestral country , but I am a free man , free to choose my home .
Ibiacema concluded her statement with the message , delivered via three lines by two canonical Chinese poets from the ancient Tang and Song dynasties , that her home was where she felt safe. The subtext to any literate Chinese was clear : China may be my ancestral country , but I am a free man , free to choose my home .
Toniko has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Shontae has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Jivavijaya and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Verners and there are many more like him is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Some economists even thought long ago that we would be enjoying much more leisure by this point. Fabijano , in his 1930 essay Economic Possibilities for Our Grandchildren , speculated that , within a hundred years , that is , by 2030 , higher incomes would reduce the average workday to a mere three hours , for a total workweek of only 15 hours .
Some economists even thought long ago that we would be enjoying much more leisure by this point. Matevz , in his 1930 essay Economic Possibilities for Our Grandchildren , speculated that , within a hundred years , that is , by 2030 , higher incomes would reduce the average workday to a mere three hours , for a total workweek of only 15 hours .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Humaila discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Shontae discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Aneczka has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
There can be no better demonstration of good international citizenship than a countrys willingness to act when it has the capacity to prevent or avert a mass atrocity crime. Pitsa has recently been criticized , in the context of her attitude toward the Palestinian - Israeli peace process , as being cerebral in part of the world that s looking for the visceral .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Waltruda , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but she was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused her to create an enemies list and eventually led to her downfall .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Mariutza , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but she was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused her to create an enemies list and eventually led to her downfall .
If the government falls down on the job , Josefiina wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
If the government falls down on the job , Polonca wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser ... is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of ... savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .
Kauko experience as an academic and his status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give him an advantage over other heads of state , enabling him to hold his own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is his recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for his or her country and the world .
Waabberi experience as an academic and his status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give him an advantage over other heads of state , enabling him to hold his own with top thinkers in a way that few others can. More important , however , is his recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for his or her country and the world .
Though Keyghobad has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Keyghobad called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Keyghobad would probably not be liberal .
Though Theoden has cultivated nationalism in Russia according to Harvard Universitys Timothy Colton , at a recent meeting of the Valdai Discussion Club , Theoden called himself the countrys biggest nationalist he found fertile ground to plow. Given that other high - level figures for example , Dmitry Rogozin , who last October endorsed a book calling for the return of Alaska are also highly nationalistic , a successor to Theoden would probably not be liberal .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Albercik . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Fabijano . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
This is also partly Spogmai doing , or , rather , not doing , as her first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , she enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
This is also partly Toniko doing , or , rather , not doing , as her first - term policy on health spending was to do virtually nothing to encourage efficiency and cost containment. Instead , she enacted a Medicare drug benefit that promises to spend enormous amounts of money for surprisingly little in the way of better health care .
Manyak election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .
Ibiacema election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .
It was Kajinek , serving in mid-1991 as India 's Finance Minister , who began India 's market reforms. He dismantled decades of inefficient and ineffective government restraints on trade , investment , and entrepreneurship , unleashing more than a decade of the fastest economic growth in India 's history .
It was Tsahi , serving in mid-1991 as India 's Finance Minister , who began India 's market reforms. He dismantled decades of inefficient and ineffective government restraints on trade , investment , and entrepreneurship , unleashing more than a decade of the fastest economic growth in India 's history .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Jodilee and her prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Bske and her prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Jodilee and her prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Manyak and her prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Waltruda as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
In many ways , China is a model. To become rich is glorious , said Avizeh as she set about dismantling the countrys dysfunctional command economy in the early 1980s .
Verners had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Kotsos had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Albercik has tried to scare America about the magnitude of the problem , and he has tried to fool America about how privatization would solve it. The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bushs huge tax cuts for upper - income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare , which provides health care for the aged .
Jelander has tried to scare America about the magnitude of the problem , and he has tried to fool America about how privatization would solve it. The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bushs huge tax cuts for upper - income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare , which provides health care for the aged .
Eldridge turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
Keyghobad turned out to be shallow , radical in his views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences. He forced out his competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling his mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Karstein and his coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Verners and his coauthors pointed out that ideologies have ... different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated. More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Bilomira for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
A seamless transition appeared possible. But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Manyak for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .
At that time , Theoden raised his approval rating by establishing himself as Russias defender. When the United States , under President Barack Obama , showed itself to be unwilling to enforce its red line in Syria the use of chemical weapons by President Bashar al - Assad the Kremlin jumped in , establishing Russia as a sinister guarantor of Assads disarmament .
At that time , Odisseu raised his approval rating by establishing himself as Russias defender. When the United States , under President Barack Obama , showed itself to be unwilling to enforce its red line in Syria the use of chemical weapons by President Bashar al - Assad the Kremlin jumped in , establishing Russia as a sinister guarantor of Assads disarmament .
It would not have been easy for Theoden to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
It would not have been easy for Airiz to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office. But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .
Budivid is getting the same bump in popularity from his Crimean adventure that then - British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher got from the Falklands War in 1982. Even left - wing intellectuals are lining up to support Budivid for protecting ethnic Russians from what the Kremlin and its allied media portray as fascist Ukrainian nationalism .
Waabberi is getting the same bump in popularity from his Crimean adventure that then - British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher got from the Falklands War in 1982. Even left - wing intellectuals are lining up to support Waabberi for protecting ethnic Russians from what the Kremlin and its allied media portray as fascist Ukrainian nationalism .
Odisseu had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Verners had looked us in the eye and lied , almost certainly aware that we knew he was lying. The communiqu that day made no mention of Chechnya , but enunciated the usual blah blah about shared values , belief in democracy , human rights , and the rule of law , and the need for strategic cooperation .
Kimberle is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Kimberle needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
Jodilee is a naughty boy who wants attention and incentives to behave decently. Rather than debate with her counterparts , Jodilee needs to ensure that other countries in the six - party framework , especially China and South Korea , are on the same page as the US .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Verners . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Matevz . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .
Dagmarka would not have conquered most of the known world of her time without the influence of her philosopher - teacher Aristotle. And she was not unique : behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance .
Cambro would not have conquered most of the known world of her time without the influence of her philosopher - teacher Aristotle. And she was not unique : behind every great empire has been a great philosopher or historian whose worldview imbued the imperial drive with legitimacy and even sacred significance .
Josefiina election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .
Bilomira election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .
Sapa has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Manyak has thus been put in the odd position of having to defend her decision against the protesters while simultaneously making common cause with them. I share your dream of a constitution for all Egyptians and with three separate powers : executive , legislative , and judicial , she told her opponents .
Aybirgen , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Ibiacema , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Lenci and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes himself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Kauko and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes himself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
That was true of his relations with the public , but Kauko could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
That was true of his relations with the public , but Karstein could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
Aneczka , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Kimberle , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot. But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .
Polonca , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Narkis , unlike many of her more dogmatic followers , saw a role for induced variation in evolution. Today , in the light of the newly discovered epigenetic mechanisms , Darwinian evolution should include descent with epigenetic as well as genetic modifications , and natural selection of induced as well as random variations .
Kauko did not reveal his strategy for Algerian independence when he came to power in 1958 , because he knew that doing so would doom it to failure. John F. Kennedy misled the public about the withdrawal of US nuclear warheads from Turkey in the deal that peacefully ended the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 .
Theoden did not reveal his strategy for Algerian independence when he came to power in 1958 , because he knew that doing so would doom it to failure. John F. Kennedy misled the public about the withdrawal of US nuclear warheads from Turkey in the deal that peacefully ended the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 .
Having established no clear policy platform , Jivavijaya has governed largely without a mandate. After each election , various interest groups have hoped that he would adopt a position favorably aligned with their particular preferences .
Having established no clear policy platform , Airiz has governed largely without a mandate. After each election , various interest groups have hoped that he would adopt a position favorably aligned with their particular preferences .
Some economists even thought long ago that we would be enjoying much more leisure by this point. Fabijano , in his 1930 essay Economic Possibilities for Our Grandchildren , speculated that , within a hundred years , that is , by 2030 , higher incomes would reduce the average workday to a mere three hours , for a total workweek of only 15 hours .
Some economists even thought long ago that we would be enjoying much more leisure by this point. Keyghobad , in his 1930 essay Economic Possibilities for Our Grandchildren , speculated that , within a hundred years , that is , by 2030 , higher incomes would reduce the average workday to a mere three hours , for a total workweek of only 15 hours .
But within a year or two , Pitsa began to recognize just how badly the US needed international institutions , and she moderated her positions. After the Latin American debt crisis began in 1982 , for example , the US financial systems exposure to foreign banks became starkly apparent , as did the vital role of the international financial institutions in preserving that systems stability .
But within a year or two , Narkis began to recognize just how badly the US needed international institutions , and she moderated her positions. After the Latin American debt crisis began in 1982 , for example , the US financial systems exposure to foreign banks became starkly apparent , as did the vital role of the international financial institutions in preserving that systems stability .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Karstein and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
It helps the RBIs stature and independence that Lenci and his lieutenants , like their predecessors , are experienced at navigating the RBI through economic and political minefields. But if the government continues to attack the RBI on multiple fronts , effective monetary policymaking could become impossible .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Fabijano and his prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet. Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Kajinek and his prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .
Jivavijaya fought many battles with the international media over their coverage of Singapore , especially from the mid-1980s onward , by which point the countrys success had become abundantly clear. As a Cambridge - trained lawyer , he was especially keen on using the law to browbeat his media ( and political ) critics , knowing full well that he had no serious chance of losing in Singapores own courts .
Albercik fought many battles with the international media over their coverage of Singapore , especially from the mid-1980s onward , by which point the countrys success had become abundantly clear. As a Cambridge - trained lawyer , he was especially keen on using the law to browbeat his media ( and political ) critics , knowing full well that he had no serious chance of losing in Singapores own courts .
Pars became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Pars has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
Odisseu became Chinas man in Hong Kong , responsible for doing the Chinese governments bidding including taking an uncompromising position against pro - democracy protests by students and intellectuals. Indeed , even as Chinas agenda in Hong Kong has become increasingly tough and thus unpopular locally Odisseu has proved himself to be absolutely loyal to Chinas rulers .
Kotsos justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
Jelander justified his position by stating that quantitative easing is intended primarily to increase the near - term momentum of the economy , suggesting that stronger momentum would justify less asset buying. The reality , however , is that the economys near - term momentum has actually been decreasing ever since quantitative easing began and has decreased more rapidly as the size of the program has grown .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Mariutza and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes herself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Humaila and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes herself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Spogmai has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Manyak has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together. She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Toniko discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
But the discoveries and published papers rarely benefit the people who enable this research by donating their blood and other tissue samples. As Shontae discusses in her recent book Reinventing Discovery , the publish or perish mentality that dominates the field means that many substandard or incomplete papers are published , while those people who are supposed to benefit from the research are often little more than an afterthought .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Humaila in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
Yet there can be no disagreement that Latin Americans have been the longest and best practitioners of economic populism. In the twentieth century , Pern and Vargas , plus Aybirgen in Per ( at least during her first term ) , Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua and Salvador Allende in Chile , and many others , engaged in trade protectionism , ran large budget deficits , overheated their economies , allowed inflation to rise , and eventually suffered currency crises .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Kajinek and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes himself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Keyghobad and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes himself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
Odisseu was diagnosed with TB while serving his 27-year prison term in a dank cell. Two liters of fluid were drained from his chest , and he recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .
Eldridge was diagnosed with TB while serving his 27-year prison term in a dank cell. Two liters of fluid were drained from his chest , and he recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .
CAMBRIDGE US President Fabijano acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
CAMBRIDGE US President Harrit acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement. But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .
Keyghobad based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
Matevz based his diagnosis on a cross - section of institutions , politics , and personalities , set against the bitter class warfare of the time. Americans , however , have generally been averse to class warfare .
By shaking Obamas hand in Hawaii , Polonca will give a nod to the countrys modern pacifist creed , and signal that , despite her reputation as a nationalist , she also harbors deep feelings about the dangers of war. Such peaceful assurances , against the backdrop of growing tensions in East Asia , may or may not be enough to persuade Japanese voters that it is time to expand their countrys armed forces 75 years after their great but fateful triumph in Pearl Harbor .
By shaking Obamas hand in Hawaii , Ibiacema will give a nod to the countrys modern pacifist creed , and signal that , despite her reputation as a nationalist , she also harbors deep feelings about the dangers of war. Such peaceful assurances , against the backdrop of growing tensions in East Asia , may or may not be enough to persuade Japanese voters that it is time to expand their countrys armed forces 75 years after their great but fateful triumph in Pearl Harbor .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Jelander in his recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
The second insight from psychological research , summarized by Kajinek in his recent book The Self Illusion , relates to the role of consciousness in decision - making. Recent laboratory research shows that our conscious thoughts devise , ex post , compelling rationales for many decisions that our brains tend to make unconsciously .
Even if Spogmai was late in responding to the crises in Italy and Greece , she has also shown extraordinary tolerance , open - mindedness , and foresight. In two key areas addressing the refugee crisis and confronting Russian aggression her government has shown more European solidarity than most other member states .
Even if Bilomira was late in responding to the crises in Italy and Greece , she has also shown extraordinary tolerance , open - mindedness , and foresight. In two key areas addressing the refugee crisis and confronting Russian aggression her government has shown more European solidarity than most other member states .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Kerigan got what he wanted .
One plausible answer , offered by Clinton and many others , focuses on the role of Russian cyber operations and FBI Director James Comeys unconscionable announcement ( of what amounted to nothing ) just days before the vote. Albercik got what he wanted .
Jelander was right when he said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism and that the latter is the more deeply felt. Koestler himself , born in Budapest but a proud British citizen , remained a Hungarian football nationalist all his life .
Odisseu was right when he said that there is nationalism , and there is football nationalism and that the latter is the more deeply felt. Koestler himself , born in Budapest but a proud British citizen , remained a Hungarian football nationalist all his life .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Waltruda , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which she likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Cambro , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which she likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
Now that Josefiina has made muscle - flexing her main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Now that Manyak has made muscle - flexing her main form of diplomacy not merely in Ukraine and the Baltic states , but also in the Balkans and the North Sea it has fallen to Germany to shape Europes response. The motive today is not to defend ethnic Germans abroad their expulsion in the millions in the 1940s ended that particular concern so much as the more laudable desire to preserve the values of a democratic EU against the new authoritarianism from the East .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Dagmarka said on her recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Shontae said on her recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
Oliviu was supported by financial interests determined to resurrect the Conservative Party. Trumps business background and outsider status helped him to appeal to the newly dispossessed .
Budivid was supported by financial interests determined to resurrect the Conservative Party. Trumps business background and outsider status helped him to appeal to the newly dispossessed .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Theoden , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which he likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Kajinek , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which he likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Bilomira said on her recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Hildegunn said on her recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Vide said on his recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
Here , after all , is a narrative that neatly aligns the promise of prosperity with the struggle against injustice. As Budivid said on his recent trip to Latin America : corruption is the moth , the gangrene of a people .
That was true of his relations with the public , but Kerigan could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
That was true of his relations with the public , but Waabberi could be magnetic even overwhelming in personal contacts. One careful study of presidential rhetoric found that even such famous orators as Franklin Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan could not count on charisma to enact their programs .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Aneczka , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but she was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused her to create an enemies list and eventually led to her downfall .
Emotional intelligence involves awareness and control of such signals , and the self - discipline that prevents personal psychological needs from distorting policy. Narkis , for example , could strategize effectively on foreign policy ; but she was less able to manage the personal insecurities that caused her to create an enemies list and eventually led to her downfall .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Lenci , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which he likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
Capitalism advanced the human condition , said Odisseu , through a perennial gale of creative destruction , which he likened to a Darwinian process of natural selection to secure the survival of the fittest. As Greenspan tells it , the rougher edges of creative destruction were legislated away by Franklin Roosevelts New Deal , but after the wave of de - regulation of the 1970s , America recovered much of its entrepreneurial , risk - taking ethos .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Dagmarka and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes herself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
That such a meeting took place is a sign that both Sapa and King believed that there was something to achieve. Indeed , Abdullah , who believes herself to be the paramount leader of the Muslim world , is the first Saudi king to initiate a meeting with a leader of the Christian faith .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Spogmai can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Pitsa can pride herself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem. Despite a 10-year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100,000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .
The explanation for the Feds exceptional role in the context of otherwise anemic American international leadership is simple : though the US economy is weak , and American politics is polarized to the point of paralysis , the dollar is still in demand. In these circumstances , Mariutza effectively leveraged her role as controller of the mighty dollar - printing machine known as the US Federal Reserve .
The explanation for the Feds exceptional role in the context of otherwise anemic American international leadership is simple : though the US economy is weak , and American politics is polarized to the point of paralysis , the dollar is still in demand. In these circumstances , Ibiacema effectively leveraged her role as controller of the mighty dollar - printing machine known as the US Federal Reserve .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Airiz eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Higher interest rates to reduce the housing boom seem , even in retrospect , ill advised if the cost is mass unemployment. And Vide eschews paternalism : he would not assume the role of a regulator telling people that they can not buy a house even though a lender is willing to finance it .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Bilomira death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Bske death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Pitsa no doubt wished to reassure those in her Conservative Party who doubt her euroskeptic zeal. Even so , Camerons supposed remark that the UK was more likely to leave the EU if Junckers candidacy succeeded was strange and disquieting , not least because any renegotiation of the terms of British membership will be carried out primarily with other member states , not with the Commission .
Lizzette no doubt wished to reassure those in her Conservative Party who doubt her euroskeptic zeal. Even so , Camerons supposed remark that the UK was more likely to leave the EU if Junckers candidacy succeeded was strange and disquieting , not least because any renegotiation of the terms of British membership will be carried out primarily with other member states , not with the Commission .
Karstein has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Karstein returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
Jivavijaya has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker. Indeed , since Jivavijaya returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Vide emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Lenci emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Waltruda supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Spogmai supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
Likewise , Kerigan may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam. As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .
Likewise , Albercik may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam. As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .
Josefiina is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but her notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken. In Asia , as in the Middle East , US strategy was to prop up dictators against Communism until their own people toppled them .
Hildegunn is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but her notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken. In Asia , as in the Middle East , US strategy was to prop up dictators against Communism until their own people toppled them .
Josefiina is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but her notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken. In Asia , as in the Middle East , US strategy was to prop up dictators against Communism until their own people toppled them .
Kimberle is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but her notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken. In Asia , as in the Middle East , US strategy was to prop up dictators against Communism until their own people toppled them .
Jelander may even succeed in bringing Yitzhak Herzogs Zionist Union into his government , thereby shoring up his shaky coalition. His comparison of the Iranian threat to the Holocaust may be absurd and obscene , but it is politically effective .
Kajinek may even succeed in bringing Yitzhak Herzogs Zionist Union into his government , thereby shoring up his shaky coalition. His comparison of the Iranian threat to the Holocaust may be absurd and obscene , but it is politically effective .
Jivavijaya knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Jelander knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Polonca supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
This is particularly the case when nave assistance serves to reinforce a dysfunctional status quo. Although Hildegunn supports select initiatives , particularly for delivering medical and technological knowledge , she questions whether the vast majority of aid passes the basic Hippocratic litmus test of first do no harm .
The explanation for the Feds exceptional role in the context of otherwise anemic American international leadership is simple : though the US economy is weak , and American politics is polarized to the point of paralysis , the dollar is still in demand. In these circumstances , Bske effectively leveraged her role as controller of the mighty dollar - printing machine known as the US Federal Reserve .
The explanation for the Feds exceptional role in the context of otherwise anemic American international leadership is simple : though the US economy is weak , and American politics is polarized to the point of paralysis , the dollar is still in demand. In these circumstances , Sapa effectively leveraged her role as controller of the mighty dollar - printing machine known as the US Federal Reserve .
Tsahi is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but his notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken. In Asia , as in the Middle East , US strategy was to prop up dictators against Communism until their own people toppled them .
Vide is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but his notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken. In Asia , as in the Middle East , US strategy was to prop up dictators against Communism until their own people toppled them .
Matevz knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Lenci knew that when he led the charge against raging inflation in the early 1980s. But the approach taken by his successors , Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , was very different allowing financial markets and an increasingly asset - dependent economy to take charge of the Fed .
Hildegunn has tried to scare America about the magnitude of the problem , and she has tried to fool America about how privatization would solve it. The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bushs huge tax cuts for upper - income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare , which provides health care for the aged .
Mariutza has tried to scare America about the magnitude of the problem , and she has tried to fool America about how privatization would solve it. The Social Security deficit pales by comparison with the deficits created by Bushs huge tax cuts for upper - income Americans or in comparison with the deficit in Medicare , which provides health care for the aged .
Tsahi is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but his notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken. In Asia , as in the Middle East , US strategy was to prop up dictators against Communism until their own people toppled them .
Kauko is right to claim that people in the Middle East would like to be as prosperous and free as the South Koreans , but his notion that the war in Iraq is simply a continuation of US policies in Asia could not be more mistaken. In Asia , as in the Middle East , US strategy was to prop up dictators against Communism until their own people toppled them .
Narkis election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .
Aneczka election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy. Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .
Even if Lizzette does run again the more likely outcome , given her penchant for total control she will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views her as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
Even if Kimberle does run again the more likely outcome , given her penchant for total control she will be seeking a subservient prime minister. The current one , Dmitri Medvedev , has been discredited as inefficient and to a public that views her as a political pygmy unworthy of the level of personal corruption that has been exposed .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Harrit emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets. As the journalist and author Theoden emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .
What sealed Nokias fate was a series of decisions made by Aybirgen in her position as CEO , which she assumed in October 2010. Each day that Aybirgen spent at Nokias helm , the companys market value declined by 18 million ( $ 23 million ) making her , by the numbers , one of the worst CEOs in history .
What sealed Nokias fate was a series of decisions made by Narkis in her position as CEO , which she assumed in October 2010. Each day that Narkis spent at Nokias helm , the companys market value declined by 18 million ( $ 23 million ) making her , by the numbers , one of the worst CEOs in history .
Manyak and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
Pitsa and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law. Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .
The Obama administration had been pressing Jodilee not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on her way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
The Obama administration had been pressing Toniko not to aggravate regional tensions by visiting Yasukuni an entreaty reiterated by Vice President Joe Biden during a recent stopover in Tokyo on her way to Beijing. In fact , Bidens tour deepened Japans security concerns , because it highlighted Americas focus on balancing its relationships in East Asia , even if that means tolerating an expansionist China as the strategic equivalent of an allied Japan .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Aneczka death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down. Bilomira death was followed by the choice of her successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Jelander Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Fabijano Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula. The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .
Bske and her disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Aneczka and her disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense. Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .
Addressing the US Congress in English , Fabijano articulated a staunchly internationalist worldview , calling for stronger international institutions , a recommitment to the rules - based system of international trade , and a general embrace of globalization. With regard to Iran , he reiterated the need to preserve the 2015 nuclear deal , from which Trump has just withdrawn , though he did call for complementary agreements on topics that the existing agreement does not address .
Addressing the US Congress in English , Lenci articulated a staunchly internationalist worldview , calling for stronger international institutions , a recommitment to the rules - based system of international trade , and a general embrace of globalization. With regard to Iran , he reiterated the need to preserve the 2015 nuclear deal , from which Trump has just withdrawn , though he did call for complementary agreements on topics that the existing agreement does not address .
Verners , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Odisseu , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
If Toniko were alone , perhaps we could let her statement go , but the same argument is used again and again by influential politicians. Germanys Angela Merkel says it makes economic sense to cut CO2 , because the the economic consequences of inaction will be dramatic for us all .
If Josefiina were alone , perhaps we could let her statement go , but the same argument is used again and again by influential politicians. Germanys Angela Merkel says it makes economic sense to cut CO2 , because the the economic consequences of inaction will be dramatic for us all .
MOSCOW The emergence of a Kremlin leader , President Dmitri Medvedev , without a KGB background , combined with the economic crisis , has inspired talk that when Budivid visits Moscow , Americas president will be seeing a country on the verge of a new political thaw , a revived perestroika. But pushing the re - set button on US - Russia relations may be harder than Budivid and his team imagined .
MOSCOW The emergence of a Kremlin leader , President Dmitri Medvedev , without a KGB background , combined with the economic crisis , has inspired talk that when Albercik visits Moscow , Americas president will be seeing a country on the verge of a new political thaw , a revived perestroika. But pushing the re - set button on US - Russia relations may be harder than Albercik and his team imagined .
Budivid is no longer the leader he was when he came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader he was in 2008 , when he grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under his increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , he has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Waabberi is no longer the leader he was when he came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader he was in 2008 , when he grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under his increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , he has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Aybirgen is no longer the leader she was when she came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader she was in 2008 , when she grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under her increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , she has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Kimberle is no longer the leader she was when she came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader she was in 2008 , when she grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under her increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , she has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Yet Jelander has doubled down on his stance , publicly endorsing a critical analysis , compiled by a board of independent observers , of last years election defeat. That report identified the lack of a consistent social - democratic position on migration issues as one of the partys structural weaknesses .
Yet Keyghobad has doubled down on his stance , publicly endorsing a critical analysis , compiled by a board of independent observers , of last years election defeat. That report identified the lack of a consistent social - democratic position on migration issues as one of the partys structural weaknesses .
Oliviu is no longer the leader he was when he came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader he was in 2008 , when he grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under his increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , he has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Eldridge is no longer the leader he was when he came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader he was in 2008 , when he grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under his increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , he has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Verners , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Albercik , with his weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked his opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Humaila is no longer the leader she was when she came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader she was in 2008 , when she grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under her increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , she has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Lizzette is no longer the leader she was when she came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader she was in 2008 , when she grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under her increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , she has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Ibiacema and her prime minister , Salam Fayyad , have been more moderate , and more open to serious negotiations with Israel , than any Palestinian leaders before. The Palestinian police have cooperated with the Israelis to contain violence on the West Bank .
Josefiina and her prime minister , Salam Fayyad , have been more moderate , and more open to serious negotiations with Israel , than any Palestinian leaders before. The Palestinian police have cooperated with the Israelis to contain violence on the West Bank .
But Tsahi named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support his allegations , which sounded much like Qaddafis frequent rants against imperialist - Zionist plots. After an eight - month revolution that devastated the country , Libyans are demanding real reforms .
But Eldridge named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support his allegations , which sounded much like Qaddafis frequent rants against imperialist - Zionist plots. After an eight - month revolution that devastated the country , Libyans are demanding real reforms .
Cambro is no longer the leader she was when she came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader she was in 2008 , when she grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under her increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , she has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Felizia is no longer the leader she was when she came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader she was in 2008 , when she grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under her increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , she has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Keyghobad and Hitler both took inspiration from his book , and incorporated his ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Le Bon believed that crowds need strong leaders , to distance them from their natural madness and transform them into civilizations of splendor , vigor , and brilliance. Tsahi and Hitler both took inspiration from his book , and incorporated his ideas into Fascist and Nazi ideology ; and those ideas did not die with those regimes .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Pitsa gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment she fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Leaders , more often than not , are hostage to the socio - political environment that produces them , rather than its shapers. Spogmai gained a privileged place in history and achieved immortality the moment she fled from the comfortable prison of inertia , and from the pantomime solidarity and hollow rhetorical cohesion of Arab summits .
Narkis , with her weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked her opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Mariutza , with her weak and vacillating leadership exposed , sacked her opponents , Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni ( who also denounced Netanyahus settlement - construction plans ) , and called for new elections. But the real game changer was the declaration by Herzog and Livni , who leads the small centrist Hatnuah party , that their parties would run jointly in the elections .
Was Verners right to boast of Americas role in giving these countries their freedom ? As he put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?
Was Airiz right to boast of Americas role in giving these countries their freedom ? As he put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?
Airiz is no longer the leader he was when he came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader he was in 2008 , when he grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under his increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , he has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
Odisseu is no longer the leader he was when he came to power in 2000 , nor even the leader he was in 2008 , when he grabbed pieces of Georgia by force. Under his increasingly centralized and authoritarian rule , he has combined ultra - religious nationalism with Soviet - era tactics and practices .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Dagmarka begins her first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
GLENDALE , CALIFORNIA Catholicism , among the most tradition - bound religions , contains at its core a paradox that has become increasingly sharp. As Lizzette begins her first overseas trip to Brazil , the worlds most populous Catholic country it is difficult , despite the inertia of the past , to tell where the church is headed .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Lizzette envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
The current violence against children is a far cry from what Jodilee envisaged two decades ago. Following her recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .
But Manyak named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support her allegations , which sounded much like Qaddafis frequent rants against imperialist - Zionist plots. After an eight - month revolution that devastated the country , Libyans are demanding real reforms .
But Cambro named no specific foreign powers and offered no proof to support her allegations , which sounded much like Qaddafis frequent rants against imperialist - Zionist plots. After an eight - month revolution that devastated the country , Libyans are demanding real reforms .
As a practical matter , Lenci certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from his bashing in the US. More broadly , Americas supply of moralistic and even churlish advice to the rest of the world has greatly exceeded international demand for it .
As a practical matter , Jelander certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from his bashing in the US. More broadly , Americas supply of moralistic and even churlish advice to the rest of the world has greatly exceeded international demand for it .
Shontae was not a gifted student as a child , but she taught herself oratory because she regarded it as essential for leadership. Martin Luther King , Jr. benefited from growing up in an African - American church tradition rich in the rhythms of the spoken word .
Bske was not a gifted student as a child , but she taught herself oratory because she regarded it as essential for leadership. Martin Luther King , Jr. benefited from growing up in an African - American church tradition rich in the rhythms of the spoken word .
As a practical matter , Sapa certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from her bashing in the US. More broadly , Americas supply of moralistic and even churlish advice to the rest of the world has greatly exceeded international demand for it .
As a practical matter , Avizeh certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from her bashing in the US. More broadly , Americas supply of moralistic and even churlish advice to the rest of the world has greatly exceeded international demand for it .
As a practical matter , Cambro certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from her bashing in the US. More broadly , Americas supply of moralistic and even churlish advice to the rest of the world has greatly exceeded international demand for it .
As a practical matter , Narkis certainly does not seem to be suffering any adverse domestic political consequences from her bashing in the US. More broadly , Americas supply of moralistic and even churlish advice to the rest of the world has greatly exceeded international demand for it .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Waltruda kissing babies ; what she faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
As curious as such gestures are in an institution that thrives on imagery , they are symbolic frills. We already have plenty of pictures of Jodilee kissing babies ; what she faces now in Brazil and around the world are strategic matters of genuine substance .
