[[['Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Mariutza will officially become a candidate only this week . Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for her to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on her persona .', 'Of course , as former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to say , a week is a long time in politics , and Mariutza will officially be a candidate only this week . Yet it will be extremely difficult , if not impossible , for her to prevent the upcoming election from becoming an emotional and negative referendum on her persona .'], '1'], [['Keyghobad predicted the single currency would fall apart after a decade or two ; this has now become more likely than not . After all , Schauble knows that the conditions he proposes would be politically unacceptable , so he says that any country unable to meet them should , as a last resort , exit the monetary union , while being able to remain a member of the EU .', 'Keyghobad predicted the single currency would fall apart after a decade or two ; this has now become more unlikely than not . After all , Schauble knows that the conditions he proposes would be politically unacceptable , so he says that any country unable to meet them should , as a last resort , exit the monetary union , while being able to remain a member of the EU .'], '1'], [['Spogmai has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and she is undoubtedly her own best advocate . But , just as former US Vice - President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Spogmai in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade agreement or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .', 'Spogmai has spent weeks directly and personally lobbying key American legislators , and she is undoubtedly her own best advocate . But , just as former US Vice - President Al Gore recently refused to share a dais with Spogmai in Miami , many members of Congress refuse to approve a trade pact or an aid package that may link them to a government tainted by egregious human rights abuses , complicity with drug lords , or both .'], '1'], [['In fact , Josefiina and her collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study . The differences arise largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .', 'In fact , Josefiina and her collaborators take as their starting point the trade predictions from an earlier version of the Petri - Plummer study . The differences derive largely from contrasting assumptions about how economies respond to changes in trade volumes sparked by liberalization .'], '1'], [['Aneczka election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy . Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .', 'Aneczka election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy . Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites she pledged to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise her as a new messiah of development .'], '1'], [["The parallel collapse of a grownup Republican presence in the executive branch . As Theoden reports in his recent biography of Bush ' s first Treasury Secretary , Paul O ' Neill , former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the end of a disastrous meeting , ` ` Not a typical Republican package .", "The parallel collapse of a grownup Republican presence in the executive branch . As Theoden reports in his recent biography of Bush ' s first Treasury Secretary , Paul O ' Neill , former Bush Budget Director Mitch Daniels once whispered to himself at the conclusion of a disastrous meeting , ` ` Not a typical Republican package ."], '1'], [['If the government falls down on the job , Polonca wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser . . . is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of . . . savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .', 'Whenever the government falls down on the job , Polonca wrote 76 years ago , and demand is deficientthe individual enterpriser . . . is operating with the odds loaded against her . The game of hazard which she plays is furnished with many zeros , which represent the increment [ by which ] the worlds wealth has fallen short of . . . savings , owing to the losses of those whose courage and initiative have not been supplemented by exceptional skill or unusual good fortune .'], '1'], [['Verners is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity . Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speak in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .', 'Verners is credited with the introduction of theology as a critical discipline in Christianity . Yet , he did so by juxtaposing contradictory quotes taken out of context , showing that neither the Bible nor the Church fathers speaks in one voice and that readers must decide for themselves .'], '1'], [['Indeed , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Airiz probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver . The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .', 'Certainly , during this necessarily short and fragile unipolar moment , Airiz probably had an intuition of what Americas new responsibilities should be , but he did not deliver . The defeat of the Democrats in the mid - term elections in 1994 , followed by the Monica Lewinsky affair , hampered the effectiveness of one of Americas most energetic and gifted Presidents .'], '1'], [['When Kajinek asked for spending cuts at the beginning of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Kajinek would get his way , or most of it . Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .', 'When Kajinek asked for spending cuts at the start of the year including a social security reform that includes cuts in future benefits world financiers expected that Kajinek would get his way , or most of it . Little did they appreciate that American voters , having never actually supported spending cuts , would resist .'], '1'], [['A seamless transition appeared possible . But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Theoden for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .', 'A seamless transition appeared likely . But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Theoden for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from his Israeli jail cell .'], '1'], [['So a civilized China is emerging , just as a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Fabijano . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .', 'So a civilized China is emerging , just like a civilized Eastern Europe once emerged , from the hearts and minds of prisoners of conscience , of people like Fabijano . Havel , who has inspired Liu as he has so many others who aspire to freedom , wrote a public letter to Chinese President Hu Jintao after Lius latest imprisonment .'], '1'], [['The third act was born of Putins domestic political situation , and resulted in a stopgap solution that led to Russias poorly disguised armed invasion , and then annexation , of Crimea . Without Crimeas annexation , Felizia faced domestic political disaster and a premature end to her dream of reenacting Ivan the Greats gathering of the Russian lands and restoring Russias global power .', 'The third act was born of Putins domestic political situation , and resulted in a stopgap solution that led to Russias poorly disguised armed invasion , and then annexation , of Crimea . Without Crimeas annexation , Felizia faced domestic political disaster and a premature ending to her dream of reenacting Ivan the Greats gathering of the Russian lands and restoring Russias global power .'], '1'], [['A former adviser to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Sapa was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989 . She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .', 'A former advisor to Deng Xiaoping and confidante of former President Jiang Zemin ( whose political influence is now waning ) , Sapa was among the first to invest in China after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989 . She long touted the motto , I do nt do anything against Chinas interest , and I do nt say anything that may hurt Chinas reputation .'], '1'], [['So my own hope is that Kerigan will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may thoroughly dislike . Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .', 'So my own hope is that Kerigan will not be dissuaded from trying to work with his opponents , to build consensus , and to deal courteously even with those whose views he may strongly dislike . Personally , I do not think that those whose philosophy deplores the whole idea of government , except when it is required to bail out businesses or banks , and who purport to offer a better future by stitching together the shreds and tatters of policies that helped produce todays economic disaster , will have much respect or support from voters .'], '1'], [['When Airiz visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment . The Airiz administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .', 'When Airiz visited Malaysia last year , he barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment . The Airiz administration also has been conspicuously quiet regarding abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .'], '1'], [['At last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Vide was effectively anointed his countrys supreme leader . By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Vide alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .', 'On last months 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China , Vide was effectively anointed his countrys supreme leader . By enshrining so - called Xi Jinping Thought in the CPC charter , Party members established Vide alongside the Peoples Republics two historical giants , Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping the only other Chinese leaders with officially recognized eponymous ideologies .'], '1'], [['Bilomira has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development , ensure her political control , and lock in energy security for her country . She envisions a new regional order under Turkish leadership , based on a realignment between Turks and Kurds that underpins a strategic partnership for exploiting the regions last untapped energy resources .', 'Bilomira has now developed a plan that would take advantage of this development , ensure her political control , and lock in energy security for her country . She envisions a new regional order under Turkish leadership , based on a realignment between Turks and Kurds that underpins a strategic partnership for exploiting the regions last untapped energy reserves .'], '1'], [['Pitsa and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disregard for the fundamental principles of the rule of law . Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .', 'Pitsa and there are many more like her is a classic product of the Bush administrations disdain for the fundamental principles of the rule of law . Unfortunately , Obamas administration , for all its lofty rhetoric , appears too willing to perpetuate it .'], '1'], [['Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm . Airiz is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of his proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would he fund his plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , he has so far managed to avoid any serious challenge to them .', 'Bernie Sanders , a self - described socialist , inspires enthusiasm . Airiz is riding the leftist wave in Democratic politics , and while many of his proposals may not be able to stand up against hard questioning ( how , for example , would he fund his plan to make college tuition free for everyone ? ) , he has so far managed to avoid any serious challenges to them .'], '1'], [['Cambro may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them . Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Cambro .', 'Cambro may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance academics opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them . Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Cambro .'], '1'], [['US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game . But when they actually came out on the field and met with Humaila , they gave her no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for her .', 'US officials reveled in their amped - up toughness in Washington meeting rooms , like high school athletes banging on the lockers before a big game . But when they actually got out on the field and met with Humaila , they gave her no reason to believe they wanted anything but the best for her .'], '1'], [['Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power . Harrit is hoping that Russia and its BRICS partners ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits', 'Russia already is in no position to confront the West : Its economy is withering , and it lacks solid alliances capable of countering US power . Harrit is hoping that Russia and its BRICS allies ( Brazil , India , China , and South Africa ) will become the future leaders of the world and the global economy , as he put it in July , at the conclusion of the BRICS and Shanghai Cooperation Organization summits'], '1'], [['Tsahi is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution permits him to remain in power for at least another ten years . But with GDP up by just 1 . 3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .', 'Tsahi is only 61 , a decade younger than the leaders who led the Soviet Union to the precipice , and the constitution enables him to remain in power for at least another ten years . But with GDP up by just 1 . 3 % in 2013 and with sanctions likely to hasten the economys decline patriotic pride will not be able to shield him much longer .'], '1'], [['The intense personal hatred between these men overlays two centuries of tortured history between Russia and Georgia . Many people report that Jodilee simply loses it when discussing the upstart Saakashvili , who led her country from near bankruptcy into a golden age of economic growth and the worlds highest rate of foreign direct investment relative to GDP .', 'The intense personal hatred between these men overlays two centuries of tortured history between Russia and Georgia . Many people report that Jodilee simply loses it whenever discussing the upstart Saakashvili , who led her country from near bankruptcy into a golden age of economic growth and the worlds highest rate of foreign direct investment relative to GDP .'], '1'], [['So far , the selection of Toniko seems to have paid off . Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .', 'So far , the selection of Toniko appears to have paid off . Questions about her record have been sidestepped ; her inexperience is lauded as a virtue ; any criticism is dismissed as sexism .'], '1'], [['Jivavijaya has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policymaker . Indeed , since Jivavijaya returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .', 'Jivavijaya has usurped authority not just from his more knowledgeable colleagues , but also from the prime minister , who has traditionally served as Russias chief economic policy maker . Indeed , since Jivavijaya returned to the presidency in 2012 , Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev has been all but irrelevant .'], '1'], [['Until now , Karstein has been lucky , coming to power just as oil prices started to rise . Most Russian citizens credit him with two decades of rising living standards , following decades of decline .', 'Until now , Karstein has been lucky , coming to power just as oil prices started to rise . Most Russian citizens credit him with two decades of rising living standards , following years of decline .'], '1'], [['Kerigan captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights . Such abasement will only lead people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .', 'Kerigan captured this idea perfectly when he criticized Obamas silence in Beijing on human rights . Such abasement will only cause people to begin to doubt whether democracy is a living social system .'], '1'], [['The current violence against children is a far cry from what Verners envisaged two decades ago . Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly established a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .', 'The current violence against children is a far cry from what Verners envisaged two decades ago . Following his recommendations , in 1997 the General Assembly created a Special Representative for Children and Armed Conflict , to identify and report to the Secretary - General and Security Council on parties in conflicts that are responsible for persistent and egregious violations .'], '1'], [['Instead , Mariutza stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards . Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .', 'Still , Mariutza stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards . Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .'], '1'], [['Kauko experience as an academic and his status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly give him an advantage over other heads of state , enabling him to hold his own with top thinkers in a way that few others can . More important , however , is his recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for his or her country and the world .', 'Kauko experience as an academic and his status as an acclaimed poet undoubtedly gives him an advantage over other heads of state , enabling him to hold his own with top thinkers in a way that few others can . More important , however , is his recognition that a political leader should also be a leader of thought and culture for his or her country and the world .'], '1'], [['Toniko , her new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .', 'Toniko , her new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that supported Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .'], '1'], [['Aneczka clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries . Because these companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .', 'Aneczka clinched her authority over the state sector in 2007 , during her second term , with the creation of vast corporations that have since expanded substantially , with cheap state funding , often securing monopolies in their industries . Because such companies are treated as a source of power and rents , rather than of economic growth , they are peculiarly disinterested in competition , innovation , entrepreneurship , and productivity .'], '1'], [['More recently , Verners who famously declared that he did not play small ball attempted to transform the Middle East with his freedom agenda . More than a decade later , the US is still struggling to withdraw from the conflicts that he initiated .', 'More recently , Verners who famously declared that he did not play small ball aimed to transform the Middle East with his freedom agenda . More than a decade later , the US is still struggling to withdraw from the conflicts that he initiated .'], '1'], [["Thus , when Aneczka claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players . When she rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world ' s only superpower was palpable .", "Therefore , when Aneczka claimed special circumstances for Germanys failure to meet the budgetary ceilings of the European Unions Stability and Growth Pact , she seemed to be arguing that the restrictions should apply only to smaller countries , not to the big players . When she rightly opposed Americas war against Iraq , the pride of standing up to the world ' s only superpower was palpable ."], '1'], [['Indeed , Pars and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .', 'Furthermore , Pars and a previous laureate , Desmond Tutu , were consistent advocates of awarding the prize to him . But , in addition to supporting Lius achievements by making certain that they are represented at the ceremony in Oslo , world leaders need to come to grips with the Chinese governments reaction .'], '1'], [['The only hope now for resuming negotiations is the old only Nixon could open up China argument , meaning that only a truly hard - right Israeli leader would have the credibility to make peace with the Palestinians . But it is now clear to historians that Jivavijaya was determined to make his overture to China from the moment he began his presidency .', 'The only hope now for resuming negotiations is the old only Nixon could open up China argument , meaning that only a truly hard - right Israeli leader would have the credibility to make peace with the Palestinians . But it is now clear to historians that Jivavijaya was determined to make his overtures to China from the moment he began his presidency .'], '1'], [['Felizia turned out to be shallow , radical in her views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic consequences . She forced out her competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling her mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .', 'Felizia turned out to be shallow , radical in her views , more chauvinist than Chinas top leaders , and prone to rash decision - making on important policies with wide - ranging social and economic impacts . She forced out her competent chief secretary , Anson Chan , a veteran Hong Kong civil servant , for her colonial background , thereby signaling her mistrust of the entire civil service that the British had created .'], '1'], [['Mariutza views herself as a new czar . Her KGB background dictates her leadership style , which includes the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that she , like Ptain before her , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .', 'Mariutza regards herself as a new czar . Her KGB background dictates her leadership style , which includes the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that she , like Ptain before her , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .'], '1'], [['We may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion . But a conviction only of Keyghobad , however justified , without parallel penalties for his Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .', 'Some may regret that Milosevics own trial ended without a conclusion . But a conviction only of Keyghobad , however justified , without parallel penalties for his Croat , Bosniak , and Kosovo - Albanian counterparts would hardly have contributed to serious self - reflection within the post - Yugoslav nations .'], '1'], [['Airiz , the President of the Bosnian Serb Republic after Karadzic , expressed remorse for his crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence . Jean Kambanda , former Prime Minister of Rwanda , pled guilty to crimes against humanity and genocide and is serving a life sentence in prison .', 'Airiz , the President of the Bosnian Serb Republic after Karadzic , expressed remorse for his crimes , pled guilty , and is serving a prison sentence . Jean Kambanda , former Prime Minister of Rwanda , pled guilty to crimes against humanity and genocide and is serving a life term in prison .'], '1'], [['Events have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down . Jelander death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .', 'We have certainly moved at a brisk pace in recent months , with one obstacle after another to a lasting deal seeming to come down . Jelander death was followed by the choice of his successor in a direct election with universal suffrage , which was accompanied by Israels decision one unique in the world to help , not hinder the democratic process in territories it occupies .'], '1'], [['Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Airiz will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy . In fact , Airiz has already expressed his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .', 'Alas , however bipartisan the Iraq Study Groups report may be , it is too much to expect that Airiz will endorse all of its recommendations and admit the bankruptcy of his entire foreign policy . In fact , Airiz has already stated his objection to unconditional direct talks with Iran and Syria .'], '1'], [['Kotsos , his new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter rival , Ted Cruz .', 'Kotsos , his new campaign manager , is a pollster who has been mining survey data from the mainstream Republican right for years ( the partys right wing is its mainstream , because its center is essentially gone ) . During the Republican primary , she worked for the super PAC that backed Trumps bitter enemy , Ted Cruz .'], '1'], [['Was Airiz right to boast of Americas role in giving these countries their freedom ? As he put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?', 'Was Airiz right to boast of Americas role in granting these countries their freedom ? As he put it to the Kansas City veterans : Will todays generation of Americans resist the allure of retreat , and will we do in the Middle East what the veterans in this room did in Asia ?'], '1'], [['What prevents China from pursuing these reforms is a combination of opposition from powerful entrenched interest groups state - owned enterprises , local governments , the economic - policy bureaucracy , and family members of political elites and well - connected businessmen and flawed political institutions . Unless Jelander and his colleagues demonstrate their resolve to overcome such opposition and launch comprehensive reforms , their chances of success are not high .', 'What keeps China from pursuing these reforms is a combination of opposition from powerful entrenched interest groups state - owned enterprises , local governments , the economic - policy bureaucracy , and family members of political elites and well - connected businessmen and flawed political institutions . Unless Jelander and his colleagues demonstrate their resolve to overcome such opposition and launch comprehensive reforms , their chances of success are not high .'], '1'], [['WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Oliviu reflected on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt . Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .', 'WASHINGTON , DC Sitting in Paris as the United Statess first ambassador to France , Oliviu remarked on how the new US government could avoid the errors of European despots who kept their people subjugated through war and debt . Writing to James Madison , he observed that the US Constitution had at least checked the Dog of war , by transferring the power of letting him loose from the Executive to the Legislative body , from those who are to spend to those who are to pay .'], '1'], [['Hence , for fear of alienating Germans , Aybirgen has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together . She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .', 'Indeed , for fear of alienating Germans , Aybirgen has consistently done the minimum to hold the eurozone together . She agreed after an agonizing delay to a joint European Union - International Monetary Fund lending package to Greece in May 2010 .'], '1'], [['And , in fact , it was Kajinek who first drew my attention to this similarity , when in a private conversation about 9 / 11 , he noted that , for many Muslims , Russia and the West were becoming indistinguishable . Both were viewed as secular states antagonistic to Islam .', 'And , in fact , it was Kajinek who first drew my attention to this similarity , when in a private conversation about 9 / 11 , he noted that , for many Muslims , Russia and the West were becoming indistinguishable . Both were perceived as secular states antagonistic to Islam .'], '1'], [['BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Jelander Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula . The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic objective has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .', 'BERLIN For far too long , the West has harbored illusions about Jelander Russia illusions that have now been shattered on the Crimean peninsula . The West could ( and should ) have known better : Ever since his first term in office as Russian president , Putins strategic aim has been to rebuild Russias status as a global power .'], '1'], [['Western observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Verners until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013 . He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .', 'The observers and the bulk of domestic liberals did not give up on Verners until his governments heavy - handed tactics during the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in the summer of 2013 . He then broke clumsily with the Glen movement after its acolytes in the judiciary launched a corruption probe against him and his inner circle .'], '0'], [['Pitsa has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though she sees her as a kind of Satan . She wants to be the Soros of the right .', 'Pitsa has actually expressed admiration for Soros , even though she considers her as a kind of Satan . She wants to be the Soros of the right .'], '1'], [['Kimberle is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance . As the head of the PBOC , she has favored more market - based monetary policies and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .', 'Kimberle is an intelligent and internationally respected expert on monetary policy and finance . As the head of the PBOC , she has favored more market - based monetary policy and increased internationalization of Chinas currency , the renminbi .'], '1'], [['But my fear is that Dagmarka would be a disaster even on health - care issues an area where she has rightly earned credit for her work on AIDS , malaria , and tuberculosis . Thanks to the economic growth that resulted from the reforms that she denounced , countries like India and Brazil now have higher revenues to spend on health care for the poor , among other public goods .', 'But my fear is that Dagmarka would be a disaster even on health - care issues an area where she has rightfully earned credit for her work on AIDS , malaria , and tuberculosis . Thanks to the economic growth that resulted from the reforms that she denounced , countries like India and Brazil now have higher revenues to spend on health care for the poor , among other public goods .'], '1'], [['What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Budivid can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem . Despite a 10 - year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100 , 000 troops at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .', 'What is true for Iraq is also true for Afghanistan : Budivid can pride himself on having eliminated Osama bin Laden , which was undoubtedly a success , but one that failed to address the root of the problem . Despite a 10 - year military presence , involving the deployment of more than 100 , 000 soldiers at a cost of $ 550 billion , the US still has not succeeded in creating a credible alternative to the Taliban .'], '1'], [['Bilomira stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and adoption of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history . And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1 , 200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .', 'Bilomira stance amounted to a desperate call to allow her country to shape a new national identity one that reflected its resolute repudiation of fascism and embrace of democracy , rather than its highly regrettable ( and regretted ) history . And it drew a standing ovation from all but one of the 1 , 200 illustrious members of the audience in Frankfurts Pauluskirche , where Walser was being awarded the German Booksellers Association Peace Prize .'], '1'], [['When Jodilee assumed the presidency , her advisers were bent on distancing the new administration from George H . W . Bushs policies . Among the changes sought by Clintons national security adviser , Anthony Lake , was an end to the unfettered White House access that Saudi Arabian Ambassador Bandar bin Sultan enjoyed during the Reagan and Bush presidencies .', 'As Jodilee assumed the presidency , her advisers were bent on distancing the new administration from George H . W . Bushs policies . Among the changes sought by Clintons national security adviser , Anthony Lake , was an end to the unfettered White House access that Saudi Arabian Ambassador Bandar bin Sultan enjoyed during the Reagan and Bush presidencies .'], '1'], [['Ibiacema was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis . This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .', 'Ibiacema was remarkable for applying her penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis . This involved viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .'], '1'], [['Oliviu , for example , argues that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws . . . borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis . And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Oliviu speculates , that has led him astray .', 'Oliviu , for example , asserts that the limits of the data [ Piketty ] presents and the grandiosity of the conclusions he draws . . . borders on schizophrenia , rendering conclusions that are either unsupported or contradicted by [ his ] own data and analysis . And it is Pikettys terror at rising inequality , Oliviu speculates , that has led him astray .'], '1'], [['Now , Matevz and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges . Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .', 'Thus , Matevz and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , can feel freer than ever to ignore Western criticism , but even to hold forth on the benefits of building bridges . Nor is that a mere metaphor : under Putins leadership , Russia has built at least a half - dozen bridges , including one connecting Crimea to Russias mainland .'], '1'], [['It is a sad testament to Russias current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Vide the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity . Today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .', 'It is a sad testament to Russians current mindset that it is Solzhenitsyn the anti - modernist crank who is being remembered , not Vide the towering foe of Soviet barbarism and mendacity . Today , his writing is seen as buttressing the state , not individual freedom .'], '1'], [['Christop and his disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense . Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was particularly worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .', 'Christop and his disciples pushed the idea that even apparently useless projects , such as pyramid construction in ancient Egypt , made sense . Keyness Cambridge disciple , Joan Robinson , was especially worried because Hitler seemed to have grasped this point more quickly than democratic governments had .'], '1'], [['Yet Jelander has set his sights much higher : he aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader . Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Jelander wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .', 'Now Jelander has set his sights much higher : he aspires to become modern Chinas most transformative leader . Just as Mao helped to create a reunified and independent China , and Deng Xiaoping launched Chinas reform and opening up , Jelander wants to make China the central player in the global economy and the international order .'], '1'], [['Vide sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as similar to Alexanders . But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?', 'Vide sees his own crusade to save Russia from disintegration and separatism as analogous to Alexanders . But how forward - looking is it to model a twenty - first - century country on the absolutist example of the past ?'], '1'], [['Narkis shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors used in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns . But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .', 'Narkis shies away from the retrograde rhetoric that her predecessors employed in raising alarms about the role of women , and she has not gone out of her way to follow up on the Vaticans visitation ( read Inquisition ) of uppity American nuns . But she has kept that last episode on the books , and she continues to wax traditional about homosexuality .'], '1'], [['Moreover , although Airiz and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long . Despite having been cajoled by Airiz with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .', 'Additionally , although Airiz and his Ukrainian counterpart , Viktor Yanukovych , have so far managed to derail Ukraines association agreement with the European Union , they probably will not be able to block it for long . Despite having been cajoled by Airiz with lavish financial support and cheap gas , Ukraine is unlikely to join a Russia - led EurAsEC , which is more a means of anchoring former Soviet republics to Russias sphere of influence than it is a vehicle to promote trade .'], '1'], [['Cambro poor showing in Germanys recent election has now put into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy . Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .', 'Cambro poor showing in Germanys recent election has now placed into cold storage any hope of a serious overhaul of the countrys famously rigid economy . Tony Blair was waiting for her to help launch a drive to make the current British Presidency of the European Union a historical turning point for the Unions economy .'], '1'], [['Emerging market crises do hold important lessons . If Albercik can now follow the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .', 'Emerging market crises do hold important lessons . If Albercik can now take the course taken by Kim and Lula , he will serve his country well .'], '1'], [['In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership offered little prospect for progress , Josefiina stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which her own party had bitterly opposed . When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Josefiina initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .', 'In the meantime , although the Soviet Unions aging and infirm Communist leadership presented little prospect for progress , Josefiina stuck to the dtente policies of Brandt and Schmidt , which her own party had bitterly opposed . When Mikhail Gorbachev took over , Josefiina initially dismissed the new Soviet leaders bold arms - reduction proposals as mere propaganda la Joseph Goebbels .'], '1'], [['Instead , Aybirgen stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards . Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .', 'Nonetheless , Aybirgen stuck her fingers in Americas eyes , counting on the Republicans mid - term election victory to help her afterwards . Not only did Israels leaders reject the world communitys requests , but they had the chutzpah to claim that they had convinced the US to drop this requirement for the resumption of talks .'], '1'], [['Last week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Fabijano explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories . In an hour - long speech , he made two key points .', 'One week , addressing a gilded ballroom packed with the elite of Argentinas business community , Fabijano explained the governments policies as a real - world application of Keynesian theories . In an hour - long speech , he made two key points .'], '1'], [['Oliviu was supported by financial interests determined to resurrect the Conservative Party . Trumps business background and outsider status helped him to appeal to the newly dispossessed .', 'Oliviu was supported by financial interests determined to resurrect the Conservative Party . Trumps business experience and outsider status helped him to appeal to the newly dispossessed .'], '1'], [['Albercik went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government . He expected regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .', 'Albercik went to war with Iraq in 2003 to change the government . He hoped regime change in Baghdad to lead to a democratic Iraq , a development that would in turn transform the region when people elsewhere in the Arab world saw this example and forced their own governments to follow suit .'], '1'], [['Jelander and his colleagues are hardly alone . In response to the recurrence of well - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .', 'Jelander and his colleagues are hardly alone . In response to the recurrence of much - publicized and highly damaging scandals in recent years , many universities and some entire national research funding agencies now convene institutional review boards to deal with breaches of what has come to be known as research ethics .'], '1'], [['And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard . This month , as President Jodilee and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about growing criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .', 'And yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard . This month , as President Jodilee and her senior advisers retreated to the seaside resort of Beidaihe , rumors were circulating about rising criticism of Xis personality cult among the CPC rank and file .'], '1'], [['From the moment the DPJ took power in 2009 , Kotsos was tacitly slated to be Hatoyamas successor , given that he was concurrently Hatoyamas deputy prime minister and treasury minister . In these posts , Kotsos avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyamas premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .', 'From the moment the DPJ seized power in 2009 , Kotsos was tacitly slated to be Hatoyamas successor , given that he was concurrently Hatoyamas deputy prime minister and treasury minister . In these posts , Kotsos avoided involvement with the two issues that wrecked Hatoyamas premiership : the controversial base relocation issue , and debates over budget cuts .'], '1'], [['In his 19 years as Romes emperor , Airiz faced nearly constant war , a horrific plague , and a coup attempt . But instead of lashing out at those he presumed were against him , Airiz calmly asked himself , Does what s happened keep you from acting with justice , generosity , self - control , sanity , prudence , honesty , humility , straightforwardness , and all other qualities that allow a persons nature to fulfill itself ?', 'In his 19 years as Romes emperor , Airiz encountered nearly constant war , a horrific plague , and a coup attempt . But instead of lashing out at those he presumed were against him , Airiz calmly asked himself , Does what s happened keep you from acting with justice , generosity , self - control , sanity , prudence , honesty , humility , straightforwardness , and all other qualities that allow a persons nature to fulfill itself ?'], '1'], [['Bske has been vocal about her opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia . Given that Bske cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over her post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .', 'Bske has been vocal over her opposition to NATO policies particularly its role in countries bordering Russia . Given that Bske cares little for human rights , the rule of law , or democracy , watching EU and US leaders butt heads with Erdoan over her post - coup crackdown must have looked like a golden opportunity to weaken NATO .'], '1'], [['What made this highly significant was that Keyghobad is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped . Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it clear that Keyghobad is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .', 'What made this highly significant was that Keyghobad is far and away the highest former official whom Mueller has flipped . Indeed , the generous plea deal makes it obvious that Keyghobad is prepared to name figures higher than he was in the campaign and the White House .'], '1'], [['Pars was diagnosed with TB while serving his 27 - year prison term in a dank cell . Two liters of fluid were drained from his chest , and he recuperated in a hospital that had never treated a black patient .', 'Pars was diagnosed with TB while serving his 27 - year prison term in a dank cell . Two liters of fluid were drained from his chest , and he recuperated in a hospital that had not treated a black patient .'], '1'], [['When either of these two scenarios is lacking , American initiatives are stillborn . This happened to Oliviu at Camp David in 2000 , when he failed to bring Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat to an agreement , and to Bushs Road Map in 2003 , when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines , but did little to implement them .', 'While either of these two scenarios is lacking , American initiatives are stillborn . This happened to Oliviu at Camp David in 2000 , when he failed to bring Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat to an agreement , and to Bushs Road Map in 2003 , when both sides agreed in principle to its general guidelines , but did little to implement them .'], '1'], [['Compared with the strong - arm tactics employed by his Mexican counterpart Felipe Caldern , Jivavijaya seems resigned to defeat . Comments in January that the country was helpless against an avalanche of drug - trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in his leadership .', 'Unlike with the strong - arm tactics employed by his Mexican counterpart Felipe Caldern , Jivavijaya seems resigned to defeat . Comments in January that the country was helpless against an avalanche of drug - trafficking from the north were aimed at securing international support , but do little to inspire confidence in his leadership .'], '1'], [['As it stands , Hildegunn remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders . The bombastic billionaire Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .', 'As it stands , Hildegunn remains the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination , though she has not yet pulled away from her socialist opponent , Senator Bernie Sanders . The bombastic businessman Donald Trump is leading the Republican field , followed by firebrand Senator Ted Cruz of Texas , Senator Marco Rubio , a talented mainstream conservative from Florida , and , further back , popular Ohio Governor John Kasich and neurosurgeon Ben Carson .'], '1'], [['Keyghobad election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy . Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites he vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , declared that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise him as a new messiah of development .', 'Keyghobad election as Prime Minister in May 2014 was initially hailed worldwide as marking the advent of a more business - friendly government in the worlds largest democracy . Encouraged by Modis pro - market sound bites he vowed to replace red tape with a red carpet , announced that the government has no business in business , and campaigned on the slogan Make in India investors rushed to praise him as a new messiah of development .'], '1'], [['Syrias readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains . Bilomira may lack her fathers acumen , but she , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .', 'Israelis readmission into the Arab consensus and financial support from the Gulf monarchies for abandoning the Shia alliance with Iran and Hezbollah would also be significant gains . Bilomira may lack her fathers acumen , but she , too , knows a simple truth : peace with Israel is the price to pay .'], '0'], [['But there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets . As the journalist and author Jivavijaya emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .', 'However there are also less visible risks , stemming from the disruption of existing markets . As the journalist and author Jivavijaya emphasized in his bestseller Flash Boys , the risks created by high - frequency trading on the financial returns of our lumbering , twentieth - century pension funds are far - reaching .'], '1'], [['The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Keyghobad as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as his deputy . The government would adopt a two - year program consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .', 'The most sensible outcome is currently a political non - starter : a Conservative - Labour coalition government , with ( say ) Keyghobad as Prime Minister and Jeremy Corbyn as his deputy . The government would adopt a two - year programme consisting of only two items : the conclusion of a soft Brexit deal with the EU and a big public investment program in housing , infrastructure , and green energy .'], '1'], [['CAMBRIDGE US President Harrit acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement . But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .', 'SAMBRIDGE US President Harrit acts as if he has pulled off a smashing victory by replacing the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) supposedly the worst trade deal ever with the new United States - Mexico - Canada Agreement . But the truth is that , while this outcome is better than an end to free trade in North America , the USMCA is no improvement over the status quo .'], '0'], [['Josefiina , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot . But it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness .', 'Josefiina , owner , with her family , of a chic and bustling boutique hotel , is another dynamo who looks as if she stepped out of a fashion shoot . But it would be a mistake to underestimate her serious nature .'], '1'], [['Likewise , Albercik may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam . As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .', 'Additionally , Albercik may be succeeded by his son , Seif el Islam . As products of revolutionary military takeovers , these secular nationalist regimes failed to produce genuine popular legitimacy and have had to fall back on the dynastic succession practiced by the regimes they toppled .'], '1'], [['This is not his area of specialization . Felizia works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with her long - time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .', 'China is not his area of specialization . Felizia works personally with the Chinese account , jointly propounding with her long - time rival Zbigniew Brzezinski the notion , so seductive for an America growing weary of its imperial burden , of a global Big Two .'], '1'], [["The initial reaction in Europe was that Pars either was bluffing or had taken leave of his senses . The decision makes no economic sense , ` ` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission ' s vice president for energy union , put it .", "The initial reaction in Europe was that Pars either was bluffing or had taken leave of his senses . The move makes no economic sense , ` ` was how Maro efovi , the European Commission ' s vice president for energy union , put it ."], '1'], [['Christop could only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence . Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .', 'Christop would only have done what he did amidst a crisis of confidence . Today , the world needs to create similar crises of confidence in the minds of those ruling Iran and North Korea .'], '1'], [['Acknowledging that recent fiscal policies had put the US on an unsustainable trajectory of rising public debt , Waltruda said that moving towards budget balance was now essential for fiscal stability . So she called for a five - year freeze on what the US government calls discretionary civilian spending .', 'Acknowledging that recent fiscal policies had put the US on an unsustainable trajectory of growing public debt , Waltruda said that moving towards budget balance was now essential for fiscal stability . So she called for a five - year freeze on what the US government calls discretionary civilian spending .'], '1'], [['In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Karstein and his coauthors pointed out that ideologies have . . . different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated . More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemic , existential , and relational needs of our species .', 'In their classic 1950 book The Authoritarian Personality , German social theorist Karstein and his coauthors pointed out that ideologies have . . . different degrees of appeal depending on the individuals needs and the degree to which these needs are being satisfied or frustrated . More recently , NYU social psychologist John Jost has argued that ideologies and other belief systems grow out of an attempt to satisfy the epistemological , existential , and relational needs of our species .'], '1'], [['The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the parties colors ) lies elsewhere . What Kauko has lacked in economic - policy achievements , he has made up for in bringing about social change .', 'The real test of the so - called Jamaica coalition ( named for the party colors ) lies elsewhere . What Kauko has lacked in economic - policy achievements , he has made up for in bringing about social change .'], '1'], [['Jodilee views herself as a new czar . Her KGB background dictates her leadership style , which includes the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that she , like Ptain before her , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .', 'Jodilee views herself as a new czar . Her KGB background dictates her leadership style , which involves the abolition of free and fair elections , the persecution of opponents , and the promotion of conservative values that she , like Ptain before her , juxtaposes with the corrupting influence of an immoral and decadent West .'], '1'], [['Cambro may try too hard to be inspirational , but I often think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them . Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Cambro .', 'Cambro may try too hard to be inspirational , but I frequently think of her when I hear finance professors opine on the efficiency of markets and the futility of making money by trading in them . Maybe many academics find it difficult to take the initiative to achieve in the real world I have yet to meet another professor who has mentioned having read Cambro .'], '1'], [['Sapa less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2 , 000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Hecker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory . The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .', 'Sapa less - than - innocent intentions are demonstrated by her regimes secret construction of a massive uranium - enrichment facility , containing more than 2 , 000 centrifuges , revealed to Stanford Universitys Siegfried Secker , a former director of Americas Los Alamos National Laboratory . The existence of the facility seems as clear a declaration as possible that the regime is committed to achieving the capacity to intimidate its neighbors with its nuclear arsenal .'], '0']]