[[['Ibiacema seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :', 'Ibiacema seethed with resentment about the discovery of her Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month prior and vowed :'], '1'], [['Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to check the balance sheet and see how much Kimberle achieved and how much she conceded .', 'Now that the play is over and the applause has died down , it is time to review the balance sheet and see how much Kimberle achieved and how much she conceded .'], '1'], [['Budivid yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see . But he will not achieve it .', 'Budivid yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for everyone to see . But he will not achieve it .'], '1'], [['We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence . And the evidence of Jodilee and her co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .', 'We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence . And the evidence of Jodilee and her co - authors does demonstrate that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .'], '1'], [['Dagmarka , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens . She believed that some degree of development is necessary for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .', 'Dagmarka , for instance , did not think that a rational nature is present in every member of the species Homo sapiens . She believed that some degree of development is required for the human animal to become a being with a rational nature .'], '1'], [['It would not have been easy for Kotsos to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office . But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .', 'It would not have been easy for Kotsos to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office . But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effect .'], '1'], [['But then , with his famous southern tour in early 1992 , Oliviu orchestrated the eclipse of the anti - market , conservative faction . In the boomtown of Shenzhen , with television cameras rolling , Oliviu jabbed his finger in the air , admonishing his Party : If China does not practice socialism , does not carry on with reform and opening and economic development , does not improve peoples standards of living , then no matter what direction we go , it will be a dead end .', 'And then , with his famous southern tour in early 1992 , Oliviu orchestrated the eclipse of the anti - market , conservative faction . In the boomtown of Shenzhen , with television cameras rolling , Oliviu jabbed his finger in the air , admonishing his Party : If China does not practice socialism , does not carry on with reform and opening and economic development , does not improve peoples standards of living , then no matter what direction we go , it will be a dead end .'], '1'], [['But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Karstein and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .', 'Yet any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Karstein and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .'], '1'], [['( The authors wish to thank Pitsa of Oil Change International for her help with this commentary . )', '( The authors wish to thank Pitsa of Oil Change International for her help with the commentary . )'], '1'], [['Yeltsins choice of Kimberle encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart . After all , Kimberle had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St . Petersburg as communism collapsed .', 'Yeltsins choice of Kimberle encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on her conviction that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart . After all , Kimberle had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St . Petersburg as communism collapsed .'], '1'], [['Within recent memory , Lenci was seen , rightly or wrongly , in heroic terms for his role in stabilizing the euro single currency . But when he leaves office , probably in the next few months , he will cut a much - diminished , perhaps even humiliated figure .', 'Within recent memory , Lenci was seen , rightly or wrongly , in heroic terms for his role in stabilizing the euro single currency . But when he exits office , probably in the next few months , he will cut a much - diminished , perhaps even humiliated figure .'], '1'], [['Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Karstein has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .', 'Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Karstein has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly young scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .'], '1'], [['Narkis , on the other hand , wrapped herself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy , which consisted of a nihilistic anger toward any establishment . But her was faux populism : while Narkis politically championed blue - collar workers , she lived on the millions she had attained from a stint at Goldman Sachs and through a fortunate investment in the TV comedy series Seinfeld .', 'Narkis , on the other hand , wrapped herself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy , which consisted of a nihilist anger toward any establishment . But her was faux populism : while Narkis politically championed blue - collar workers , she lived on the millions she had attained from a stint at Goldman Sachs and through a fortunate investment in the TV comedy series Seinfeld .'], '1'], [['For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Waltruda are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975 . It is not surprising that Waltruda proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for her family .', 'For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Waltruda are merely historical personalities , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975 . It is not surprising that Waltruda proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for her family .'], '1'], [['Harrit was nt particularly wise as a White House aide he could nt contain his inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile . Both are or were misfits in their roles .', 'Harrit was nt particularly wise as a White House aide he could nt contain his inner peacock and Donald Trumps ego is particularly fragile . Both are or were misfits in these roles .'], '1'], [['In politics , too , Felizia is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party she created . Since her victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .', 'In politics , too , Felizia is playing with fire , having lost the support of most of Our Ukraine , the party she formed . Since her victory in 2004 , Yushchenkos popularity ratings have plummeted to around 8 % .'], '1'], [['Shaking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Kajinek , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family . To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .', 'Taking off his addiction to booze speaks extremely well of Kajinek , his strength of character and the support of his wife and family . To turn your back on an addiction is never easy .'], '1'], [['It would not have been easy for Christop to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office . But the government could have engaged in more aggressive fiscal stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .', 'It would not have been easy for Christop to postpone the move , given that it had been locked in place by broad - based political agreement before he took office . But the government could have engaged in more aggressive financial stimulus to counteract the hikes short - term effects .'], '1'], [['But it is also true that the Syrian state is not centralized in the presidency , as was Egypt under former President Hosni Mubarak . Even if Putins provocation thesis is dismissed , it is possible that the chemical attacks were unleashed by rogue elements in the Syrian army , whose culpability Avizeh had to deny to preserve her own position .', 'But it is also true that the Syrian state is not centralized in the presidency , as was Egypt under former President Hosni Mubarak . Even if Putins provocation thesis is dismissed , it is possible that the chemical attacks were unleashed by rogue elements in the Syrian army , whose culpability Avizeh had to deny to maintain her own position .'], '1'], [['NEW YORK Now that Josefiina has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether she will govern in accordance with her campaigns radical populism , or adopt a pragmatic , centrist approach .', 'NEW YORK Now that Josefiina has unexpectedly won the US presidency , it is an open question whether she will govern in accordance with her campaigns radical populism , or follow a pragmatic , centrist approach .'], '1'], [['When Ibiacema visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment . The Ibiacema administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .', 'When Ibiacema visited Malaysia last year , she hardly mentioned Anwars imprisonment . The Ibiacema administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .'], '1'], [['Some 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Mariutza formulated her theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment . While conservatives vilified him , Mariutza actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .', 'Nearly 70 years ago , during the Great Depression , Mariutza formulated her theory of unemployment , which described how government action could help restore full employment . While conservatives vilified him , Mariutza actually did more to save the capitalist system than all the pro - market financiers put together .'], '1'], [['Hughes co - founded Facebook with Cambro and is now staggeringly wealthy at the ripe age of 34 . Her book gives a moving account of growing up in small - town North Carolina , trying awkwardly to fit in with the white , wealthy kids , eventually coming out as gay , and doing well enough in school to gain admission to Harvard University .', 'Hughes co - founded Facebook with Cambro and is now staggeringly wealthy at the ripe age of 34 . Her book gives a moving account of growing up in small - town North Carolina , trying awkwardly to fit in with the white , wealthy kids , eventually coming out as gay , and doing well enough in school to win admission to Harvard University .'], '1'], [['The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Cambro , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Cambro initiated the reforms that have since transformed her country .', 'The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Cambro , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Cambro enacted the reforms that have since transformed her country .'], '1'], [['It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge . And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Kerigan , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of his blunt comments on touchy topics .', 'It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge . And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Kerigan , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of his blunt comments on touchy subjects .'], '1'], [['But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Kajinek and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .', 'So any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Kajinek and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .'], '1'], [['But fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance . Bske intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .', 'and fear is not only degrading ; it makes for poor governance . Bske intuitively understood that fear and top - down , centralized decision - making were no way to rule a modern country , and she therefore insisted on reforming relations between citizens and the state .'], '1'], [['It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Airiz will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors . Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Airiz must walk a political tightrope .', 'It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Airiz will grant Rowi , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors . Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Airiz must walk a political tightrope .'], '0'], [['After the server became public knowledge , Budivid , as his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .', 'After the server became public knowledge , Budivid , like his husband has also done , resorted to legalisms : He had nt received or sent information on his server that was marked classified at the time .'], '1'], [['Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth . Maybe Pars really is feeling sentimental about the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .', 'Or perhaps his two advisers were speaking the truth . Maybe Pars really is feeling sentimental over the Anglo - Saxon heritage , even as Asian power grows .'], '1'], [['The world must now hope that Trump can begin to act as coolly in assessing Hildegunn as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev . Hildegunn responded to Trumps UN speech by calling her mentally deranged and a dotard .', 'The world must now hope that Trump can begin to behave as coolly in assessing Hildegunn as JFK was dealing with Khrushchev . Hildegunn responded to Trumps UN speech by calling her mentally deranged and a dotard .'], '1'], [['But now Polonca wants her back . Whatever else she might be , Polonca does not come across as a convincing war leader .', 'Even now Polonca wants her back . Whatever else she might be , Polonca does not come across as a convincing war leader .'], '1'], [['When Bilomira visited Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment . The Bilomira administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .', 'When Bilomira toured Malaysia last year , she barely mentioned Anwars imprisonment . The Bilomira administration also has been conspicuously quiet about abuses in Brunei , Laos , and Vietnam , inviting the head of Vietnams Communist Party to Washington , DC , last July for a showy and warm visit .'], '1'], [['And Pitsa was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .', 'And Pitsa was right again on April 4 when she warned against the possibility of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .'], '1'], [['Alas , Polonca is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument . She leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .', 'Alas , Polonca is singularly ill prepared to make such a positive argument . She leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .'], '1'], [['Lizzette has used her war on corruption to concentrate more power in her hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?', 'Lizzette has used her war on corruption to place more power in her hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?'], '1'], [['Can Aybirgen , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?', 'Can Aybirgen , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to transform herself into Richard Nixon ?'], '1'], [['Harrit yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see . But he will not achieve it .', 'Harrit yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for everyone to see . But he will not achieve it .'], '1'], [['Despite his numerous achievements as president , Harrit is trumpeting his nationalist / anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013 . Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .', 'Among his numerous achievements as president , Harrit is trumpeting his nationalist / anti - Japanese credentials in the waning days of his term , which ends in February 2013 . Indeed , so strident has he become that he refused to accept a message from Japans prime minister about his island visit .'], '1'], [['But any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Budivid and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .', 'Hence any reversal of those privatizations such as the effective expropriation of Budivid and his Menatep partners in Yukos signifies not the dawn of social justice but rather a new group of bosses expropriating the expropriators , as Lenin used to say .'], '1'], [['Pitsa agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution . But she disagrees about what happens next .', 'Pitsa agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution . But she disagrees about what occurs next .'], '1'], [['Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Pars has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of driving decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .', 'Far from engaging in Holmess free trade in ideas , Pars has been the intellectual equivalent of a robber baron , exploiting his power to the point of forcing decent people away from the public sphere particularly younger scholars , who understandably dread a takedown by the Invincible Krugtron .'], '1'], [['Moreover , as in Europe today , when Dagmarka proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect . In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .', 'Therefore , as in Europe today , when Dagmarka proposed a central banking system , the Bank of the United States , alongside consolidation of states Revolutionary War debt into federal debt , the implementation of her sensible plan was imperfect . In the American case , the principles of federal finance were not worked out until the Civil War , and the Federal Reserve System was established even later , coming only in 1913 .'], '1'], [['But as Vide recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , he hurriedly applied his trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible . When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Vide had kept his eyes on the prize .', 'And as Vide recognized Gorbachevs seriousness , he hurriedly applied his trust - building strategy and established a close personal relationship with the man without whom no peaceful change of Europes Cold War map would have been possible . When that opportunity presented itself , the agreements that followed , remarkable given the political climate , were possible only because of Vide had kept his eyes on the prize .'], '1'], [['That means protecting and defending Daoud ( to take just one current example ) , a French - language writer of Muslim origin who suggested that those seeking sanctuary in Europe would do well to learn to appreciate European values . For that , Matevz has been saddled with a double fatwa : one from his assassin brothers , to borrow the Algerian - French journalist Mohamed Sifaouis phrase , and another from a handful of supposedly progressive and anti - racist French intellectuals who accused him of recycling the most hackneyed clichs of Orientalism when he urged Arab men to respect the dignity of women .', 'That means protecting and defending Daoud ( to take just one current example ) , a French - language writer of Muslim origin who suggested that those seeking sanctuary in Europe would do well to learn to appreciate European values . For that , Matevz has been saddled with a double fatwa : one from his assassin brothers , to borrow the Algerian - French journalist Mohamed Sifraouis phrase , and another from a handful of supposedly progressive and anti - racist French intellectuals who accused him of recycling the most hackneyed clichs of Orientalism when he urged Arab men to respect the dignity of women .'], '0'], [['This elected authoritarian then starts to reduce political freedoms through tight - fisted control of the media , especially television . Then , he ( so far , it has always been a man , though Verners would fit the pattern should he ever come to power ) pursues an agenda opposing the European Union ( when the country is a member ) or other institutions of supra - national governance .', 'This elected authoritarian then starts to reduce political freedoms through strong - fisted control of the media , especially television . Then , he ( so far , it has always been a man , though Verners would fit the pattern should he ever come to power ) pursues an agenda opposing the European Union ( when the country is a member ) or other institutions of supra - national governance .'], '1'], [['Polonca agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution . But she disagrees about what happens next .', 'Polonca agrees with Piketty ( as Keynes would ) that the normal operation of capitalism produces a class that accumulates wealth , which , as a result , takes on a sharp - peaked distribution . Yet she disagrees about what happens next .'], '1'], [['A seamless transition appeared possible . But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Felizia for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .', 'A seamless transition seemed possible . But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Felizia for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .'], '1'], [['Alas , Karstein is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument . He leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .', 'Alas , Karstein is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument . He leads a party that is increasingly hostile to any European project apart from trade .'], '1'], [['Then , Sapa was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views . According to Sapa , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .', 'Subsequently , Sapa was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views . According to Sapa , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .'], '1'], [['A seamless transition appeared possible . But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to contest Ibiacema for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .', 'A seamless transition appeared possible . But now Marwan Barghouti , Fatahs leader in the West Bank during the current Intifada , has decided to challenge Ibiacema for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) from her Israeli jail cell .'], '1'], [['Few beyond Tsahi and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure . But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .', 'Not beyond Tsahi and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure . But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .'], '1'], [['Kerigan yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see . But he will not achieve it .', 'Kerigan yearning for authoritarian rule is clear for all to see . But he will never achieve it .'], '1'], [['While the race is not over , Odisseu has emerged as the consistent favorite in the polls , as well as of those who declared him nearly defeated in early December . The new consensus can be described as follows : Sgolne Royal can not defeat Odisseu , but Odisseu can defeat himself .', 'While the race is not over , Odisseu has emerged as the consistent favorite in the polls , as well as of those who declared him nearly victorious in early December . The new consensus can be described as follows : Sgolne Royal can not defeat Odisseu , but Odisseu can defeat himself .'], '1'], [['The good news for Lizzette , however , is that opposition to her efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep . Voters , it seems , are less concerned about the direction Lizzette is taking the country than they are about her decision to make the issue a top priority .', 'The good news for Lizzette , however , is that opposition to her efforts , though broad , does not seem to run deep . Voters , it appears , are less concerned about the direction Lizzette is taking the country than they are about her decision to make the issue a top priority .'], '1'], [['The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Airiz , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Airiz initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .', 'The scale of Chinas defeat surprised Airiz , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Airiz initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .'], '1'], [['And Aneczka was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which views Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .', 'And Aneczka was right again on April 4 when she warned against the danger of an ideological victory for Salafism , the doctrine underlying jihadism , which considers Europe ( and , within Europe , France ) as prime ground for proselytization .'], '1'], [['Spogmai , on the other hand , wrapped herself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy , which consisted of a nihilistic anger toward any establishment . But her was faux populism : while Spogmai politically championed blue - collar workers , she lived on the millions she had attained from a stint at Goldman Sachs and through a fortunate investment in the TV comedy series Seinfeld .', 'Spogmai , on the other hand , wrapped herself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy , which consisted of a nihilistic anger toward any establishment . But her was faux populism : while Spogmai politically championed blue - collar workers , she lived on the millions she had attained from a stint at Goldman Sachs and through a fortunate investment in the TV comedy show Seinfeld .'], '1'], [['The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Theoden , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Theoden initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .', 'The scale of Chinas defeat shocked Theoden , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Theoden initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .'], '1'], [['Can Aybirgen , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , really afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?', 'Can Aybirgen , fresh from her major domestic victory on health care , truly afford to turn herself into Richard Nixon ?'], '1'], [['Alas , Airiz is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument . He leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project apart from trade .', 'Alas , Airiz is singularly ill equipped to make such a positive argument . He leads a party that is increasingly opposed to any European project aside from trade .'], '1'], [['Verners was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis . This included viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .', 'Verners was remarkable for applying his penetrating insights , especially concerning economic incentives , to issues that had been mostly underexplored by economic analysis . This involved viewing education as an investment , asking who gained and lost from discrimination , examining how families allocated their time , and explaining womens fertility decisions .'], '1'], [['Yeltsins choice of Karstein encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on his belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart . After all , Karstein had been a proteg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St . Petersburg as communism collapsed .', 'Yeltsins choice of Karstein encouraged , ironically , by Boris Berezovsky , the prominent Russian oligarch and Yeltsin advisor who is now exiled in London as Putins mortal enemy was based on his belief that the quiet apparatchik , even if a former KGB spy , was a democrat at heart . After all , Karstein had been a steg of Anatoly Sobchak , the liberal mayor of St . Petersburg as communism collapsed .'], '1'], [['Then , Sapa was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views . According to Sapa , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .', 'Afterwards , Sapa was interviewed on GEO TV , where she explained her political views . According to Sapa , democracy is un - Islamic , as are Pakistans constitution and judiciary , and Islam bars women from getting an education or leaving their homes except to perform the Hajj in Mecca .'], '1'], [['But Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic . Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Vide and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .', 'Even Chechnya , obliging as it is , is small , poor , and idiosyncratic . Converting vast areas of Russia into new Chechnyas , Vide and his clique calculate that sooner rather than later they will play out their games of terror and security with millions of Muslims in the oil - rich plains of Eurasia .'], '1'], [['Avizeh , on the other hand , wrapped herself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy , which consisted of a nihilistic anger toward any establishment . But her was faux populism : while Avizeh politically championed blue - collar workers , she lived on the millions she had attained from a stint at Goldman Sachs and through a fortunate investment in the TV comedy series Seinfeld .', 'Avizeh , on the other hand , wrapped herself in what might be loosely termed a philosophy , which consisted of a nihilist anger toward any establishment . But her was faux populism : while Avizeh politically championed blue - collar workers , she lived on the millions she had attained from a stint at Goldman Sachs and through a fortunate investment in the TV comedy series Seinfeld .'], '1'], [['Kajinek was someone who was easy to hate across the border . He had , after all , risen to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British - and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .', 'Kajinek was someone who was easy to hate across the border . He had , after all , rose to the top of the military on the back of the Pakistani armys Islamist elements , who came into their own ( in what had previously been a rather Anglophile , British - and American - trained officer corps ) during the decade - long reign of a fundamentalist military ruler , General Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq .'], '1'], [['For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Kimberle are merely historical figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975 . It is not surprising that Kimberle proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for her family .', 'For these voters , Jawaharlal Nehru and Kimberle are merely historic figures , and are a distant memory even for many voters born before 1975 . It is not surprising that Kimberle proved unable to bring the Congress a victory in a recent election in a constituency that historically had been a bastion of support for her family .'], '1'], [['To be sure , CEOs of major banks have been forced out before . Harrit lost his job at Citigroup over excessive risk - taking in the run - up to the financial crisis of 2008 , and , more recently , Oswald Grbel of UBS was pushed out for failing to prevent unauthorized trading to the tune of $ 2 . 3 billion .', 'To be sure , CEOs of major banks have been forced out before . Harrit lost his job at Citigroup over inappropriate risk - taking in the run - up to the financial crisis of 2008 , and , more recently , Oswald Grbel of UBS was pushed out for failing to prevent unauthorized trading to the tune of $ 2 . 3 billion .'], '1'], [['Spogmai did head that way a few months later , when she forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005 . It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .', 'Spogmai did head that way a few months later , when she forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005 . It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs demand for a visit .'], '1'], [['It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Harrit will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors . Particularly on the nuclear issue , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Harrit must walk a political tightrope .', 'It remains to be seen how this would be translated into practice : the true question is how much leeway Harrit will grant Rowhani , who , like any leader , will be tugged from many sides in his foreign - policy endeavors . Particularly on the nuclear question , which , for Iranian diplomacy , dominates most others , Harrit must walk a political tightrope .'], '1'], [['Kotsos invariably blamed the KMT for blocking sensible economic plans , but even some of his moneyed supporters knew better . When it was finally proved that power had turned Kotsos into a common criminal , the KMT was voted back into power .', 'Kotsos invariably blamed the KMT for blocking sensible economic plans , but even some of his moneyed supporters knew better . When it was eventually proved that power had turned Kotsos into a common criminal , the KMT was voted back into power .'], '1'], [['But Kajinek comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China . For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .', 'President Kajinek comes into office with a reputation as a stronger nationalist than his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi , whose insistence on visiting the controversial Yasukuni Shrine ( where Class A war criminals from World War II are buried ) helped sour relations with China . For stability to be preserved , Sino - Japanese relations must improve .'], '0'], [['Aybirgen has used her war on corruption to concentrate more power in her hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?', 'Aybirgen has used her war on corruption to concentrate more power in her hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis government evolving ?'], '1'], [['Popular reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet . Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Hildegunn and her prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .', 'This reaction against the cosmopolitan , coastal , and market - oriented reforms of Zhu and Jiang brought to power leaders whose formative experiences were in the inland provinces of Gansu and Tibet . Riding a wave of resentment against inequality and social tensions , Hildegunn and her prime minister , Wen Jiabao , promised a harmonious society , without the stresses of Zhus agenda .'], '1'], [['Closing down trade with China , as Hildegunn would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire . Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .', 'Close down trade with China , as Hildegunn would effectively do with her proposed 45 % tariff on Chinese products sold in the US , would backfire . Without fixing the saving problem , the Chinese share of Americas multilateral trade imbalance would simply be redistributed to other countries most likely to higher - cost producers .'], '1'], [['It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge . And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Bilomira , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of her blunt comments on touchy topics .', 'It is hard to imagine that particular US - China contrast carrying weight now , as photos of Trumps garish Manhattan penthouse and opulent Mar - a - Lago parties continue to emerge . And while Trumps communication style remains striking , particularly in comparison to Bilomira , it becomes far less appealing when one is the target of her blunt comment on touchy topics .'], '1'], [['Should Tsahi , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Tsahi has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .', 'Will Tsahi , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Tsahi has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .'], '1'], [['Like Albercik before him , Albercik believes that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .', 'Like Albercik before him , Albercik feels that Israel , a villa in the jungle , is forced to go to war every few years to consolidate its deterrence in an unmerciful Middle East neighborhood , where there is no pity for the weak , nor a second chance for the defeated .'], '1'], [['Fortunately for Ibiacema , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously . She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .', 'But for Ibiacema , her relentless defense of humanitarian values does not seem to have cost her much support among those who voted for her previously . She and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , experienced a backlash in polls and state elections after the summer of 2015 , but that storm has blown over .'], '1'], [['While the race is not over , Odisseu has emerged as the consistent favorite in the polls , as well as of those who declared him nearly defeated in early December . The new consensus can be described as follows : Sgolne Royal can not defeat Odisseu , but Odisseu can defeat himself .', 'While the race is not over , Odisseu has emerged as the consistent favorite in the polls , as well as of those who declared him nearly defeated in early December . The new consensus can be summarized as follows : Sgolne Royal can not defeat Odisseu , but Odisseu can defeat himself .'], '1'], [['The scale of Chinas defeat stunned Airiz , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Airiz initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .', 'The scale of Chinas defeat shocked Airiz , and historians often credit the PLAs miserable performance with forcing him to take a hard look at Chinas moribund Maoist system . Within months of the wars end , indeed , Airiz initiated the reforms that have since transformed his country .'], '1'], [['But the belief that financial liberalization will provide an easy route to a balanced and stable economy is a delusion , as Japans experience in the 1980s illustrates . As Waltruda argues persuasively in her book How Asia Works , neither Japan nor South Korea based its successful economic development on free markets in credit supply ; instead , they relied on the deliberate direction of credit toward industrial development rather than real estate or consumption .', 'Hence the belief that financial liberalization will provide an easy route to a balanced and stable economy is a delusion , as Japans experience in the 1980s illustrates . As Waltruda argues persuasively in her book How Asia Works , neither Japan nor South Korea based its successful economic development on free markets in credit supply ; instead , they relied on the deliberate direction of credit toward industrial development rather than real estate or consumption .'], '1'], [['Bilomira has used her war on corruption to concentrate more power in her hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?', 'Bilomira has used her war on corruption to concentrate more power in her hands than any Chinese politician since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?'], '1'], [['Few beyond Jelander and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure . But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .', 'No beyond Jelander and his close colleagues , including the countrys new president , Emmerson Mnangagwa , know for sure . But one way to make an educated guess is to compare both countries history of bilateral engagement with China .'], '1'], [['Waltruda has used her war on corruption to concentrate more power in her hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?', 'Waltruda has used her war on corruption to place more power in her hands than any Chinese leader since Deng Xiaoping , 30 years ago . How do you see Xis presidency evolving ?'], '1'], [['But Aybirgen has her own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength . A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .', 'Yet Aybirgen has her own intransigents in the form of Hamas , which has ruled Gaza since 2006 , and whose commitment to violence is a mirror image of Netanyahus peace through strength . A genuine two - state solution thus requires a change of heart and leadership on both sides .'], '1'], [['In 2000 , Kerigan , was unable to make up his mind about which role he wished to play in his debates with George W . Bush , so he looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again . He had the better arguments , but he lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .', 'In 2000 , Kerigan , was unable to make up his mind about which role he wanted to play in his debates with George W . Bush , so he looked shifty and inauthentic , changing from arrogant to patronizing and back again . He had the better arguments , but he lost the debates ( and the election ) nonetheless .'], '1'], [['But , again and again , by showing up for Odisseu and not just for the ballet , or by taking his sons away from the hunting preserve of Balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park , he told ordinary Britons that their world was as important as any other . He told them that he wanted to know them , and that he wanted his sons to know them , too .', 'So , again and again , by showing up for Odisseu and not just for the ballet , or by taking his sons away from the hunting preserve of Balmoral to careen down a waterslide at a tacky amusement park , he told ordinary Britons that their world was as important as any other . He told them that he wanted to know them , and that he wanted his sons to know them , too .'], '1'], [['For Aneczka , a survivor of the gulag system enforced by the KGB , the desire to see Russia as a great nation , its eternal spirit superior to the Wests vulgar materialism , found him in old age supporting ex - KGB man Putin , who once said that there is no such thing as an ex - KGB man and who sees the Soviet Unions collapse as the greatest geo - political catastrophe of modern times . Despite this , Aneczka seemed to accept Putin as a good dictator , whose silencing of her critics enhances Russias soul .', 'For Aneczka , a survivor of the gulag system enforced by the KGB , the desire to see Russia as a great nation , its eternal spirit superior to the Wests vulgar materialism , found him in old age supporting ex - KGB man Putin , who once said that there is no such thing as an ex - KGB man and who views the Soviet Unions collapse as the greatest geo - political catastrophe of modern times . Despite this , Aneczka seemed to accept Putin as a good dictator , whose silencing of her critics enhances Russias soul .'], '1'], [['In other words , while Trumps princely court poses a problem for America , as a metaphor , it could also provide a solution , by stoking Americans natural suspicion of monarchy . Rather than describing Trump as the next Sapa , we should view her as an ersatz Bourbon , presiding over Mar - a - Lago as her exemplars presided over that much - hated French court .', 'In other words , while Trumps princely court poses a problem for America , as a metaphor , it could also offer a solution , by stoking Americans natural suspicion of monarchy . Rather than describing Trump as the next Sapa , we should view her as an ersatz Bourbon , presiding over Mar - a - Lago as her exemplars presided over that much - hated French court .'], '1'], [['The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakened , seized the opportunity to break free . Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Tsahi to press on with his plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .', 'The collapse of the Soviet Union at the beginning of the 1990s was caused not by the West , but by a wave of secession , as nationalities and minorities , seeing the party - state weakening , seized the opportunity to break free . Todays Russia has neither the economic nor the political strength to regain and integrate the lost Soviet territories , and any attempt by Tsahi to press on with his plan would impoverish its people and lead to further disintegration a bleak prospect .'], '1'], [['Matevz seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :', 'Matevz seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojina ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :'], '1'], [['Verners seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :', 'Verners seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the year before and vowed :'], '1'], [['Verners seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month before and vowed :', 'Verners seethed with resentment about the discovery of his Bojinka ( explosives ) cell in Manila the month previous and vowed :'], '1'], [['Should Tsahi , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Tsahi has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .', 'Could Tsahi , a lame duck president with little support at home and less abroad , now be allowed to appoint the next World Bank president ? Tsahi has already demonstrated his lack of judgment .'], '1'], [['Now that Avizeh appears to have a brief respite from her domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for her to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them . Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?', 'Considering that Avizeh appears to have a brief respite from her domestic problems , this might be an opportune moment for her to set out Americas foreign - policy priorities and explain how the US plans to pursue them . Is the pivot to Asia sustainable ?'], '1'], [['Fabijano did head that way a few months later , when he forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005 . It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs request for a visit .', 'Fabijano did head that way a few months later , when he forced an invitation out of Singh to watch a cricket match between the two sides in New Delhi in 2005 . It took the Indian government some time to formulate an answer to Musharrafs demand for a visit .'], '1'], [['We have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence . And the evidence of Mariutza and her co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .', 'They have no alternative but to look at the historical evidence . And the evidence of Mariutza and her co - authors does show that deliberate government decisions to adopt austerity programs have tended to be followed by hard times .'], '1'], [['On December 16 , Felizia , one of Turkeys most famous writers , will enter an Istanbul court to face a charge of insulting the national identity after she advocated open discussion of the Turkish genocide of 1 . 5 million Armenians in 1915 and 1916 . Pamuk faces three years in prison .', 'On December 16 , Felizia , one of Turkeys most famous writers , will enter an Istanbul court to face a charge of insulting the national identity after she advocated open discussion of the Turkish genocide of 1 . 5 million Armenians in 1915 and 1916 . Pamuk faces three years in jail .'], '1']]